A action, which we ourselves require experience to enable us to perform, whe performed by an animal, more especially by a very young one, withou experience, and when performed by many individuals in the same way, withou their knowing for what purpose it is performed, is usually said to b instinctive.
A all the living forms of life are the lineal descendants of those whic lived long before the Cambrian epoch, we may feel certain that the ordinar succession by generation has never once been broken, and that no cataclys has desolated the whole world.
A ball at such a time! His daughters absent and herself not consulted! There was comfort, however, soon at hand.
A bird in this interval might easily be blown to the distance o five hundred miles, and hawks are known to look out for tired birds, an the contents of their torn crops might thus readily get scattered.
A broken or interrupted range may often be accounted for b the extinction of the species in the intermediate regions.
A cat was tearing at the door, and there was a sound of gnawing rats beneath the hearth-stone.
A certai ephemerous insect (Chloeon) during its development, moults, as shown by Si J. Lubbock, above twenty times, and each time undergoes a certain amount o change; and in this case we see the act of metamorphosis performed in  primary and gradual manner.
A chance and hope of my procuring, Ebenezer.
A churchyard.
A civil servant she had withstood; but when Dr. Grant himself went out with an umbrella, there was nothing to be done but to be very much ashamed, and to get into the house as fast as possible; and to poor Miss Crawford, who had just been contemplating the dismal rain in a very desponding state of mind, sighing over the ruin of all her plan of exercise for that morning, and of every chance of seeing a single creature beyond themselves for the next twenty-four hours, the sound of a little bustle at the front door, and the sight of Miss Price dripping with wet in the vestibule, was delightful.
A clergyman cannot be high in state or fashion.
A clergyman has nothing to do but be slovenly and selfish - read the newspaper, watch the weather, and quarrel with his wife.
A clergyman is nothing.
A considerable and rapid fall is a sign of stormy weather and rain.
A considerable flight of steps landed them in the wilderness, which was a planted wood of about two acres, and though chiefly of larch and laurel, and beech cut down, and though laid out with too much regularity, was darkness and shade, and natural beauty, compared with the bowling-green and the terrace.
A contraction of rules for foretelling weather is submitted, for scales of common barometers.
A conversation usually ripened into a peculiar sort of intimacy, and it was extraordinary how many little services Van Tromp contrived to render in the course of six-and-thirty hours.
A corollary of the highest importance may be deduced from the foregoin remarks, namely, that the structure of every organic being is related, i the most essential yet often hidden manner, to that of all other organi beings, with which it comes into competition for food or residence, or fro which it has to escape, or on which it preys.
A counteraction, gentle and continual, is the best safeguard of manners and conduct.
A dark, gloomy blue sky is windy; but a light, bright blue sky indicates fine weather.
A day or two might shew the difference.
A day, and a very early day, was actually fixed for the Crawfords' departure; and Sir Thomas thought it might be as well to make one more effort for the young man before he left Mansfield, that all his professions and vows of unshaken attachment might have as much hope to sustain them as possible.
A definite answer to the latter question ought not to be expected seeing that no one can solve the simpler problem, why, of two races o savages, one has risen higher in the scale of civilisation than the other and this apparently implies increased brain power.
A delicate spire of an ancient building rose up from out of the trees in the middle distance, with a few grey houses clustered about it; while nearer to us, in fact not half a furlong from the water, was a quite modern stone house - a wide quadrangle of one story, the buildings that made it being quite low.
A delightful rehearsal.
A distinguished zoologist, Mr. St.
A double and parallel series of facts seems to throw much light on th sterility of species, when first crossed, and of their hybrid offspring.
A extremely wide flank-membrane stretches from the corners of the jaw to th tail, and includes the limbs with the elongated fingers.
A fair result can be obtained only by fully stating an balancing the facts and arguments on both sides of each question; and thi is here impossible.
A fall, with a low thermometer, foretells snow.
A few characters too many must not frighten us.
A few days longer, or some days longer; I am not quite sure which.
A few lofty Scotch firs grew hard by upon a knoll; a clear fountain near the foot of the knoll sent up a miniature streamlet which meandered in the heather.
A few minutes were enough for such unsatisfactory sensations on each side; and Sir Thomas having exerted himself so far as to speak a few words of calm approbation in reply to an eager appeal of Mr. Yates, as to the happiness of the arrangement, the three gentlemen returned to the drawing-room together, Sir Thomas with an increase of gravity which was not lost on all.
A few moments of feverish enjoyment were followed by hours of acute suffering.
A few naturalists, endowed with muc flexibility of mind, and who have already begun to doubt the immutabilit of species, may be influenced by this volume; but I look with confidence t the future, to young and rising naturalists, who will be able to view bot sides of the question with impartiality.
A few of the armed men struggled to the front, or climbled up to the base of the monument which then stood there, that they might face the wall of hidden fire before them; and to most men (there were many women amongst them) it seemed as if the end of the world had come, and to-day seemed strangely different from yesterday.
A few of the more marked signs of weather - useful alike to seaman farmer, and gardener, are the following.
A few steps farther brought them out at the bottom of the very walk they had been talking of; and standing back, well shaded and sheltered, and looking over a ha-ha into the park, was a comfortable-sized bench, on which they all sat down.
A fine blush having succeeded the previous paleness of her face, he was justified in his belief of her equal improvement in health and beauty.
A fine lady in a country parsonage was quite out of place.
A fine preacher is followed and admired; but it is not in fine preaching only that a good clergyman will be useful in his parish and his neighbourhood, where the parish and neighbourhood are of a size capable of knowing his private character, and observing his general conduct, which in London can rarely be the case.
A fire! it seemed too much; just at that time to be giving her such an indulgence was exciting even painful gratitude.
A fortnight was not enough.
A friendly meeting, and not a fine dinner, is all we have in view.
A friendship between two so very dear to him was exactly what he could have wished: and to the credit of the lover's understanding, be it stated, that he did not by any means consider Fanny as the only, or even as the greater gainer by such a friendship.
A frosty rime was on his head, and on his eyebrows, and his wiry chin.
A general silence succeeded.
A girl not out has always the same sort of dress: a close bonnet, for instance; looks very demure, and never says a word.
A glimpse, as she passed through the hall, of the two ladies walking up from the Parsonage made no change in her wish of retreat, and she worked and meditated in the East room, undisturbed, for a quarter of an hour, when a gentle tap at the door was followed by the entrance of Miss Crawford.
A good instance is afforded by the close resemblance of th jaws of the dog and Tasmanian wolf or Thylacinus - animals which are widel sundered in the natural system.
A good night's rest improved her spirits.
A good opportunity has thus been afforded for enlarging a little o gradations of structure, often associated with strange functions - a important subject, which was not treated at sufficient length in the forme editions of this work.
A great amount of variability under which term individual differences are always included, will evidentl be favourable.
A great deal of good sense followed on Sir Thomas's side, tending to reconcile his wife to the arrangement.
A great many back-payments are included in it, I assure you.
A great many things were due from poor Mr. Norris, as clergyman of the parish, that cannot be expected from me.
A great space surrounded by tall ugly houses, with an ugly church at the corner and a nondescript ugly cupolaed building at my back; the roadway thronged with a sweltering and excited crowd, dominated by omnibuses crowded with spectators.
A grey sky in the morning fine weather; a high dawn, wind; a low dawn; fair weather.
A group, when i has once disappeared, never reappears; that is, its existence, as long a it lasts, is continuous.
A happy party it appeared to her, all interested in one object: cheerful beyond a doubt, for the sound of merriment ascended even to her.
A high dawn is when the first indications of daylight are see above a bank of clouds.
A high degree of variability is obviousl favourable, as freely giving the materials for selection to work on; no that mere individual differences are not amply sufficient, with extrem care, to allow of the accumulation of a large amount of modification i almost any desired direction.
A highly capable judge, Dr. Falconer believes that it is chiefly insects which, from incessantly harassing an weakening the elephant in India, check its increase; and this was Bruce' conclusion with respect to the African elephant in Abyssinia.
A house in town - that, she thought, must be impossible.
A huge crowd assembled in Trafalgar Square and the neighbourhood (then a place of crowded streets), and was too big for the bludgeon-armed police to cope with; there was a good deal of dry-blow fighting; three or four of the people were killed, and half a score of policemen were crushed to death in the throng, and the rest got away as they could.
A key was mislaid, Betsey accused of having got at his new hat, and some slight, but essential alteration of his uniform waistcoat, which he had been promised to have done for him, entirely neglected.
A kite hung over our heads as we passed Medmenham yesterday; magpies were quite common in the hedgerows; I saw several sparrow-hawks, and I think a merlin; and now just as we were passing the pretty bridge which had taken the place of Basildon railway-bridge, a couple of ravens croaked above our boat, as they sailed off to the higher ground of the downs.
A large amount of change, thus slowly and unconsciously accumulated explains, as I believe, the well-known fact, that in a number of cases w cannot recognise, and therefore do not know, the wild parent-stocks of th plants which have been longest cultivated in our flower and kitche gardens.
A large and still increasing family, an husband disabled for active service, but not the less equal to company and good liquor, and a very small income to supply their wants, made her eager to regain the friends she had so carelessly sacrificed; and she addressed Lady Bertram in a letter which spoke so much contrition and despondence, such a superfluity of children, and such a want of almost everything else, as could not but dispose them all to a reconciliation.
A large income is the best recipe for happiness I ever heard of.
A large number o individuals of an animal or plant can be reared only where the condition for its propagation are favourable.
A large number of eggs is of som importance to those species which depend on a fluctuating amount of food for it allows them rapidly to increase in number.
A large number of individuals, by giving a better chanc within any given period for the appearance of profitable variations, wil compensate for a lesser amount of variability in each individual, and is,  believe, a highly important element of success.
A large store of honey i indispensable to support a large stock of bees during the winter; and th security of the hive is known mainly to depend on a large number of bee being supported.
A letter exposes to all the evil of consultation, and where the mind is anything short of perfect decision, an adviser may, in an unlucky moment, lead it to do what it may afterwards regret.
A light wind blew from the west; the little clouds that had arisen at about our breakfast time had seemed to get higher and higher in the heavens; and in spite of the burning sun we no more longed for rain than we feared it.
A light, according to some brighter than the sun, according to others scarce brighter than the moon, accompanied the meteor in its orbit.
A light-bearing colossus, similar to the one observed, walked at stated periods about the outer walls of the room; and his passage before first one window and then another explained the solar years.
A line occasionally added by Edmund to his mother's letter was enough for Fanny's information.
A list of the genera of plants collected on the loftie peaks of Java, raises a picture of a collection made on a hillock i Europe.
A little after Esther arose, and making some pretext, good or bad, went off to bed.
A little difficulty to be overcome was no evil to Henry Crawford.
A little dose of judgment or reason, as Pierre Huber expresses it, ofte comes into play, even with animals low in the scale of nature.
A little flogging for man and woman too would be the best way of preventing such things.
A little more justice, Mr. Manager, if you please.
A little reflection will explain why, along the risin coast of the western side of South America, no extensive formations wit recent or tertiary remains can anywhere be found, though the supply o sediment must for ages have been great, from the enormous degradation o the coast rocks and from the muddy streams entering the sea.
A little steering, just a touch of the rudder now and then, and with a willing listener there is no limit to the domain of equivocal speech.
A look of consciousness as he spoke, and what seemed a consciousness of manner on Miss Crawford's side as she made some laughing answer, was sorrowfull food for Fanny's observation; and finding herself quite unable to attend as she ought to Mrs. Grant, by whose side she was now following the others, she had nearly resolved on going home immediately, and only waited for courage to say so, when the sound of the great clock at Mansfield Park, striking three, made her feel that she had really been much longer absent than usual, and brought the previous self-inquiry of whether she should take leave or not just then, and how, to a very speedy issue.
A low dawn is when the day breaks on or nea the horizon.
A low wooded ridge bounded the river-plain to the south and south-east, whence we had come, and a few low houses lay about its feet and up its slope.
A man -  a sensible man like Dr. Grant, cannot be in the habit of teaching others their duty every week, cannot go to church twice every Sunday, and preach such very good sermons in so good a manner as he does, without being the better for it himself.
A man may strike another, and the stricken strike back again, and the result be a homicide, to put it at the worst.
A man might represent the county with such an estate; a man might escape a profession and represent the county.
A man preserves and breeds from a individual with some slight deviation of structure, or takes more care tha usual in matching his best animals, and thus improves them, and th improved animals slowly spread in the immediate neighbourhood.
A mean opinion of her abilities was not confined to them.
A mere tendenc to produce a rudiment is indeed sometimes thus inherited.
A merry Christmas to everybody! A happy New Year to all the world.
A most hearty welcome to you! All the more, as I almost hope that you are going to amuse an old man by giving him news from over sea, for I can see that you are come from over the water and far off countries.
A mother has no longer any mere sordid anxieties for the future of her children.
A much more important rule, which I think may be trusted, is that at whatever period of life a peculiarity first appears, it tends t reappear in the offspring at a corresponding age, though sometimes earlier.
A much more serious objection has been urged by Bronn, and recently b Broca, namely, that many characters appear to be of no service whatever t their possessors, and therefore cannot have been influenced through natura selection.
A multitude of cases could b given of very closely allied species which will not unite, or only wit extreme difficulty; and on the other hand of very distinct species whic unite with the utmost facility.
A naturalist struck with a parallelism of this nature, by arbitrarily raising or sinkin the value of the groups in several classes (and all our experience show that their valuation is as yet arbitrary), could easily extend th parallelism over a wide range; and thus the septenary, quinary, quaternar and ternary classifications have probably arisen.
A new variety raised b man will be a far more important and interesting subject for study than on more species added to the infinitude of already recorded species.
A niece of ours, Sir Thomas, I may say, or at least of yours, would not grow up in this neighbourhood without many advantages.
A number of species, however, keeping in a bod might remain for a long period unchanged, whilst within the same period several of these species, by migrating into new countries and coming int competition with foreign associates, might become modified; so that we mus not overrate the accuracy of organic change as a measure of time.
A pale light, rising in the outer air, fell straight upon the bed; and on it, plundered and bereft, unwatched, unwept, uncared for, was the body of this man.
A pang shot through me, as of some disaster long expected and suddenly realised.
A plan which annually produces a thousand seeds, of which only one of an averag comes to maturity, may be more truly said to struggle with the plants o the same and other kinds which already clothe the ground.
A plant of this kind is not the less dominant because som conferva inhabiting the water or some parasitic fungus is infinitely mor numerous in individuals, and more widely diffused.
A pollinium, when highly developed, consists of a mass o pollen-grains, affixed to an elastic foot-stalk or caudicle, and this to  little mass of extremely viscid matter.
A poor honourable is no catch, and I cannot imagine any liking in the case, for take away his rants, and the poor baron has nothing.
A positive light appeared to issue from Fezziwig's calves.
A proof of this effect is shown by any well with sucking pump - up which, as is commonly known, the water will rise nearl thirty feet, by what is called suction, which is, in fact, the pressure of air towards an empty place.
A quarter of an hour, twenty minutes, passed away, and Fanny was still thinking of Edmund, Miss Crawford, and herself, without interruption from any one.
A quarter past.
A quick-looking girl of Susan's age was the very worst third in the world: totally different from Lady Bertram, all eyes and ears; and there was no introducing the main point before her.
A rapid rise of the barometer indicates unsettled weather.
A region no impassable to certain organisms from the nature of its climate, might hav been a high road for migration, when the climate was different.
A residence of eight or nine years in the abode of wealth and plenty had a little disordered her powers of comparing and judging.
A seal or two, a pencil-case, a pair of sleeve-buttons, and a brooch of no great value, were all.
A second great fact which strikes us in our general review is, tha barriers of any kind, or obstacles to free migration, are related in  close and important manner to the differences between the productions o various regions.
A sermon, good in itself, is no rare thing.
A set of animals, with thei organisation but little diversified, could hardly compete with a set mor perfectly diversified in structure.
A short silence followed.
A shower had just skimmed by, but now the sun shone brightly, and the air smelt of the pines and the grass.
A similar line of argumen holds good with fruits; that a ripe strawberry or cherry is as pleasing t the eye as to the palate - that the gaily-coloured fruit of the spindle-woo tree and the scarlet berries of the holly are beautiful objects - will b admitted by everyone.
A similar meeting had been treated in the same way a few days before at a place called Manchester, which has now disappeared.
A similar parallelism holds good with an allied yet very different class o facts.
A slight disorder of the stomach makes them cheats.
A slow rise or steadiness, with dryness, shows fair weather.
A small sigh escaped Fanny here, and she did not know how to contradict him.
A small turnscrew being applied gently to the screw head at the back.
A smell like a washing-day! That was the cloth.
A soon as this occurred, the bees ceased to excavate, and began to build u flat walls of wax on the lines of intersection between the basins, so tha each hexagonal prism was built upon the scalloped edge of a smooth basin instead of on the straight edges of a three-sided pyramid as in the case o ordinary cells.
A sort of irregular war was carried on with varied success all over the country; and at last the Government, which at first pretended to ignore the struggle, or treat it as mere rioting, definitely declared for 'the Friends of Order,' and joined to their bands whatsoever of the regular army they could get together, and made a desperate effort to overwhelm 'the rebels,' as they were now once more called, and as indeed they called themselves.
A squall cloud that can be seen through or under is not likely to bring or be accompanied by, so much wind as a dark continued cloud extending beyond the horizon.
A stare or two at Fanny, as William helped her out of the carriage, was all the voluntary notice which this brother bestowed; but he made no objection to her kissing him, though still entirely engaged in detailing farther particulars of the Thrush's going out of harbour, in which he had a strong right of interest, being to commence his career of seamanship in her at this very time.
A stil greater number must be called monstrosities, such as six-fingered men porcupine men, Ancon sheep, Niata cattle, etc.; and as they are widel different in character from natural species, they throw very little ligh on our subject.
A strange sensation came over me; I shut my eyes to keep out the sight of the sun glittering on this fair abode of gardens, and for a moment there passed before them a phantasmagoria of another day.
A strange word for the old rover; but we all have a taste for home and the home-like, disguise it how we may.
A strictly terrestrial animal, by occasionall hunting for food in shallow water, then in streams or lakes, might at las be converted into an animal so thoroughly aquatic as to brave the ope ocean.
A structur which has been developed through long-continued selection, when it cease to be of service to a species, generally becomes variable, as we see wit rudimentary organs; for it will no longer be regulated by this same powe of selection.
A structure used onl once in an animal's life, if of high importance to it, might be modified t any extent by natural selection; for instance, the great jaws possessed b certain insects, used exclusively for opening the cocoon - or the hard ti to the beak of unhatched birds, used for breaking the eggs.
A structure whatever it may be, which is common to many allied forms, is ranked by u as of high systematic importance, and consequently is often assumed to b of high vital importance to the species.
A struggle for existence inevitably follows from the high rate at which al organic beings tend to increase.
A successful scheme of this sort generally brings on another; and the having been to Mansfield Common disposed them all for going somewhere else the day after.
A tendency to sudden reversions to the perfec character of either parent would, also, be much more likely to occur wit mongrels, which are descended from varieties often suddenly produced an semi-monstrous in character, than with hybrids, which are descended fro species slowly and naturally produced.
A terrible tyranny our Communism, is it not? Folk used often to be warned against this very unhappiness in times past, when for every well-fed, contented person you saw a thousand miserable starvelings.
A these variations seem of no special use to the plants, they cannot hav been influenced by natural selection.
A third great fact, partly included in the foregoing statement, is th affinity of the productions of the same continent or of the same sea though the species themselves are distinct at different points an stations.
A third species, the M. pecoris of Nort America, has acquired instincts as perfect as those of the cuckoo, for i never lays more than one egg in a foster-nest, so that the young bird i securely reared.
A this period the equatorial climate at the level of the sea was probabl about the same with that now experienced at the height of from five to si thousand feet under the same latitude, or perhaps even rather cooler.
A thoroughly good sermon, thoroughly well delivered, is a capital gratification.
A trace of the law o embryonic resemblance occasionally lasts till a rather late age:  thu birds of the same genus, and of allied genera, often resemble each other i their immature plumage; as we see in the spotted feathers in the young o the thrush group.
A trailing pal in the Malay Archipelago climbs the loftiest trees by the aid o exquisitely constructed hooks clustered around the ends of the branches and this contrivance, no doubt, is of the highest service to the plant; bu as we see nearly similar hooks on many trees which are not climbers, an which, as there is reason to believe from the distribution of the thorn bearing species in Africa and South America, serve as a defence agains browsing quadrupeds, so the spikes on the palm may at first have bee developed for this object, and subsequently have been improved and take advantage of by the plant, as it underwent further modification and becam a climber.
A turkey, or a goose, or a leg of mutton, or whatever you and your cook chuse to give us.
A two men have sometimes independently hit on the same invention, so in th several foregoing cases it appears that natural selection, working for th good of each being, and taking advantage of all favourable variations, ha produced similar organs, as far as function is concerned, in distinc organic beings, which owe none of their structure in common to inheritanc from a common progenitor.
A vacuum.
A very ancient for may occasionally have lasted much longer than a form elsewhere subsequentl produced, especially in the case of terrestrial productions inhabitin separated districts.
A very cordial meeting passed between him and Edmund; and with the exception of Fanny, the pleasure was general; and even to her there might be some advantage in his presence, since every addition to the party must rather forward her favourite indulgence of being suffered to sit silent and unattended to.
A very few days were enough to effect this; and at the end of those few days, circumstances arose which had a tendency rather to forward his views of pleasing her, inasmuch as they gave her a degree of happiness which must dispose her to be pleased with everybody.
A very few lines from Edmund shewed her the patient and the sickroom in a juster and stronger light than all Lady Bertram's sheets of paper could do.
A very few words between them were sufficient.
A very handsome woman, splendidly clad in figured silk, was slowly passing by, looking into the windows as she went.
A very little more is all permitted to me.
A very odd game.
A very, very brief time, and you will dismiss the recollection of it, gladly, as an unprofitable dream, from which it happened well that you awoke.
A very, very kind embrace, and some agitation of manner, accompanied these words.
A watch is always too fast or too slow.
A weariness, arising probably, in great measure, from the same feelings which he had acknowledged in the morning, was peculiarly to be respected, and they went down their two dances together with such sober tranquillity as might satisfy any looker-on that Sir Thomas had been bringing up no wife for his younger son.
A week had passed in this way, and no suspicion of it conveyed by her quiet passive manner, when she was found one morning by her cousin Edmund, the youngest of the sons, sitting crying on the attic stairs.
A week was gone since Edmund might be supposed in town, and Fanny had heard nothing of him.
A well-developed tai having been formed in an aquatic animal, it might subsequently come to b worked in for all sorts of purposes, as a fly-flapper, an organ o prehension, or as an aid in turning, as in the case of the dog, though th aid in this latter respect must be slight, for the hare, with hardly an tail, can double still more quickly.
A well-disposed young woman, who did not marry for love, was in general but the more attached to her own family; and the nearness of Sotherton to Mansfield must naturally hold out the greatest temptation, and would, in all probability, be a continual supply of the most amiable and innocent enjoyments.
A well-marked variety ma therefore be called an incipient species; but whether this belief i justifiable must be judged by the weight of the various facts an considerations to be given throughout this work.
A white ass but NOT an albino, has been described without either spinal or shoulde stripe; and these stripes are sometimes very obscure, or actually quit lost, in dark-coloured asses.
A wide distanc between the homes of two doubtful forms leads many naturalists to rank the as distinct species; but what distance, it has been well asked, wil suffice if that between America and Europe is ample, will that betwee Europe and the Azores, or Madeira, or the Canaries, or between the severa islets of these small archipelagos, be sufficient Mr. B.D. Walsh, a distinguished entomologist of the United States, ha described what he calls Phytophagic varieties and Phytophagic species.
A woman married only six months ago; a man professing himself devoted, even engaged to another; that other her near relation; the whole family, both families connected as they were by tie upon tie; all friends, all intimate together! It was too horrible a confusion of guilt, too gross a complication of evil, for human nature, not in a state of utter barbarism, to be capable of! yet her judgment told her it was so.
A word or two from Robert the weaver, and they bustled about on our behoof, and presently came and took us by the hands and led us to a table in the pleasantest corner of the hall, where our breakfast was spread for us; and, as we sat down, one of them hurried out by the chambers aforesaid, and came back again in a little while with a great bunch of roses, very different in size and quality to what Hammersmith had been wont to grow, but very like the produce of an old country garden.
A worthy place The Spirit stood among the graves, and pointed down to one.
A young party is always provided with a shady lane.
A young woman, pretty, lively, with a harp as elegant as herself, and both placed near a window, cut down to the ground, and opening on a little lawn, surrounded by shrubs in the rich foliage of summer, was enough to catch any man's heart.
About halfway down, a huge building of the kind I was now prepared to expect told me that this also was a centre of some kind, and had its special public buildings.
About their centre it sometimes happens that the barometer falls as much as two or three inches, showing a diminution of atmospheric pressure by nearly a tenth part; when it should be expected, from physical considerations alone, that very dense clouds would be formed.
About these Docks are a good few houses, which, however, are not inhabited by many people permanently; I mean, those who use them come and go a good deal, the place being too low and marshy for pleasant dwelling.
Accepted or refused, his heart is wedded to her for ever.
According to Huber, who had ample opportunities for observation, the slave in Switzerland habitually work with their masters in making the nest, an they alone open and close the doors in the morning and evening; and, a Huber expressly states, their principal office is to search for aphides.
According to Isid.
According to Mr. Croll cold periods regularly recur every ten or fifteen thousand years; and thes at long intervals are extremely severe, owing to certain contingencies, o which the most important, as Sir C. Lyell has shown, is the relativ position of the land and water.
According to our experience, abrupt and strongly marke variations occur in our domesticated productions, singly and at rather lon intervals of time.
According to our theory these several relations throughout time and space are intelligible; fo whether we look to the allied forms of life which have changed durin successive ages, or to those which have changed after having migrated int distant quarters, in both cases they are connected by the same bond o ordinary generation; in both cases the laws of variation have been th same, and modifications have been accumulated by the same means of natura selection.
According to the ordinary view o each species having been independently created, we should have to attribut this similarity in the enlarged stems of these three plants, not to th vera causa of community of descent, and a consequent tendency to vary in  like manner, but to three separate yet closely related acts of creation.
According to the view here maintained, such language may be used literally; and the wonderfu fact of the jaws, for instance, of a crab retaining numerous characters which they probably would have retained through inheritance, if they ha really been metamorphosed from true though extremely simple legs, is i part explained.
According to these views, it is obvious that the several species of th same genus, though inhabiting the most distant quarters of the world, mus originally have proceeded from the same source, as they are descended fro the same progenitor.
According to this view it may be inferred that all vertebrate animals wit true lungs are descended by ordinary generation from an ancient and unknow prototype which was furnished with a floating apparatus or swim-bladder.
According to this view we ought occasionally to find in th same nest neuter-insects, presenting gradations of structure; and this w do find, even not rarely, considering how few neuter-insects out of Europ have been carefully examined.
According to this view, the chanc of discovering in a formation in any one country all the early stages o transition between any two forms, is small, for the successive changes ar supposed to have been local or confined to some one spot.
Accordingly I wrote to Professor Miller, of Cambridge, and this geomete has kindly read over the following statement, drawn up from hi information, and tells me that it is strictly correct: If a number of equal spheres be described with their centres placed in tw parallel layers; with the centre of each sphere at the distance of radius  sqrt(2) or radius x 1.41421 (or at some lesser distance), from the centre of the six surrounding spheres in the same layer; and at the same distanc from the centres of the adjoining spheres in the other and parallel layer then, if planes of intersection between the several spheres in both layer be formed, there will result a double layer of hexagonal prisms unite together by pyramidal bases formed of three rhombs; and the rhombs and th sides of the hexagonal prisms will have every angle identically the sam with the best measurements which have been made of the cells of th hive-bee.
Active and fearless, and though rather small, strongly made, she seemed formed for a horsewoman; and to the pure genuine pleasure of the exercise, something was probably added in Edmund's attendance and instructions, and something more in the conviction of very much surpassing her sex in general by her early progress, to make her unwilling to dismount.
Actual daylight failed us as we passed through the lovely reaches of Wargrave and Shiplake; but the moon rose behind us presently.
Adieu! my dear sweet Fanny, this is a long letter from London: write me a pretty one in reply to gladden Henry's eyes, when he comes back, and send me an account of all the dashing young captains whom you disdain for his sake.
Admiral Crawford was a man of vicious conduct, who chose, instead of retaining his niece, to bring his mistress under his own roof; and to this Mrs. Grant was indebted for her sister's proposal of coming to her, a measure quite as welcome on one side as it could be expedient on the other; for Mrs. Grant, having by this time run through the usual resources of ladies residing in the country without a family of children - having more than filled her favourite sitting-room with pretty furniture, and made a choice collection of plants and poultry - was very much in want of some variety at home.
Admiral and Mrs. Crawford, though agreeing in nothing else, were united in affection for these children, or, at least, were no farther adverse in their feelings than that each had their favourite, to whom they showed the greatest fondness of the two.
Admitting then that gneiss mica-schist, granite, diorite, etc., were once necessarily covered up, ho can we account for the naked and extensive areas of such rocks in man parts of the world, except on the belief that they have subsequently bee completely denuded of all overlying strata?  That such extensive areas d exist cannot be doubted:  the granitic region of Parime is described b Humboldt as being at least nineteen times as large as Switzerland.
Advantageous as would be the alliance, and long standing and public as was the engagement, her happiness must not be sacrificed to it.
Afraid of everybody, ashamed of herself, and longing for the home she had left, she knew not how to look up, and could scarcely speak to be heard, or without crying.
After a few minutes they stopped entirely.
After a little while, I dare say, we shall be meeting again in the same sort of way, allowing for the difference of the time of year.
After a moment's pause, Sir Thomas, trying to suppress a smile, went on.
After a short consideration, Sir Thomas asked Crawford to join the early breakfast party in that house instead of eating alone: he should himself be of it; and the readiness with which his invitation was accepted convinced him that the suspicions whence, he must confess to himself, this very ball had in great measure sprung, were well founded.
After a short interruption Mr. Rushworth began again.
After a short pause, however, the subject still continued, and was discussed with unabated eagerness, every one's inclination increasing by the discussion, and a knowledge of the inclination of the rest; and though nothing was settled but that Tom Bertram would prefer a comedy, and his sisters and Henry Crawford a tragedy, and that nothing in the world could be easier than to find a piece which would please them all, the resolution to act something or other seemed so decided as to make Edmund quite uncomfortable.
After a short period of blank astonishment, in which the old man with the pipe had joined them, they all three burst into a laugh.
After a thousand generations, specie (A) is supposed to have produced two fairly well-marked varieties, namel a1 and m1.
After a time, Fanny found it not impossible to direct her thoughts to other subjects, and revive some interest in the usual occupations; but whenever Lady Bertram was fixed on the event, she could see it only in one light, as comprehending the loss of a daughter, and a disgrace never to be wiped off.
After a while they played at forfeits; for it is good to be children sometimes, and never better than at Christmas, when its mighty Founder was a child himself.
After all, people exaggerated the difficulty of life.
After all, the Mediaeval folk acted after their conscience, as your remark about their God (which is true) shows, and they were ready to bear what they inflicted on others; whereas the nineteenth century ones were hypocrites, and pretended to be humane, and yet went on tormenting those whom they dared to treat so by shutting them up in prison, for no reason at all, except that they were what they themselves, the prison-masters, had forced them to be.
After all, there is a good deal of population in places between here and Hammersmith; nor have you seen the most populous part of the town yet.
After an organ has ceased bein used, and has become in consequence much reduced, how can it be stil further reduced in size until the merest vestige is left; and how can it b finally quite obliterated?  It is scarcely possible that disuse can go o producing any further effect after the organ has once been rendere functionless.
After being known to oppose the scheme from the beginning, there is absurdity in the face of my joining them now, when they are exceeding their first plan in every respect; but I can think of no other alternative.
After being nursed up at Mansfield, it was too late in the day to be hardened at Portsmouth; and though Sir Thomas, had he known all, might have thought his niece in the most promising way of being starved, both mind and body, into a much juster value for Mr. Crawford's good company and good fortune, he would probably have feared to push his experiment farther, lest she might die under the cure.
After dancing with each other at a proper number of balls, the young people justified these opinions, and an engagement, with a due reference to the absent Sir Thomas, was entered into, much to the satisfaction of their respective families, and of the general lookers-on of the neighbourhood, who had, for many weeks past, felt the expediency of Mr. Rushworth's marrying Miss Bertram.
After dinner, when he and his father were alone, he had Fanny's history; and then all the great events of the last fortnight, and the present situation of matters at Mansfield were known to him.
After fine clear weather the first signs (in the sky) of change are usually small, curled, streaked, or spotty clouds, followed by an overcasting of vapour, that grows into cloudiness.
After five years' work I allowed myself to speculate o the subject, and drew up some short notes; these I enlarged in 1844 into  sketch of the conclusions, which then seemed to me probable:  from tha period to the present day I have steadily pursued the same object.
After fourtee thousand generations, six new species, marked by the letters n14 to z14 are supposed to have been produced.
After it had passed away, they were ten times merrier than before, from the mere relief of Scrooge the Baleful being done with.
After mature reflection, i seems to me that this could not have been effected through natura selection.
After seeing William to the last moment, Fanny walked back to the breakfast-room with a very saddened heart to grieve over the melancholy change; and there her uncle kindly left her to cry in peace, conceiving, perhaps, that the deserted chair of each young man might exercise her tender enthusiasm, and that the remaining cold pork bones and mustard in William's plate might but divide her feelings with the broken egg-shells in Mr. Crawford's.
After settling her at Thornton Lacey with every kind attention to her comfort, the object of almost every day was to see her there, or to get her away from it.
After several turns, he sat down again.
After sitting a little while Miss Crawford was up again.
After sitting some time longer, a candle was obtained; but as there was still no appearance of tea, nor, from Betsey's reports from the kitchen, much hope of any under a considerable period, William determined to go and change his dress, and make the necessary preparations for his removal on board directly, that he might have his tea in comfort afterwards.
After some minutes spent in this way, Miss Bertram, observing the iron gate, expressed a wish of passing through it into the park, that their views and their plans might be more comprehensive.
After talking a little more about Mansfield, a subject in which her interest was most apparent, Crawford began to hint at the expediency of an early walk.
After tea, they had some music.
After ten thousand generations, species (A) is supposed to have produce three forms, a10, f10, and m10, which, from having diverged in characte during the successive generations, will have come to differ largely, bu perhaps unequally, from each other and from their common parent.
After that massacre, however, it was at all times doubtful if the regular soldiers would fire upon an unarmed or half-armed crowd.
After that they two not unfrequently fell in each other's way, and Dick would often treat the old boy to breakfast on a moderate scale and in a restaurant of his own selection.
After the business of arriving was over, it was first necessary to eat, and the doors were thrown open to admit them through one or two intermediate rooms into the appointed dining-parlour, where a collation was prepared with abundance and elegance.
After the first bitterness of the conviction of being slighted was over, she had been tolerably soon in a fair way of not thinking of him again; and when the acquaintance was renewed in town, and Mr. Rushworth's house became Crawford's object, she had had the merit of withdrawing herself from it, and of chusing that time to pay a visit to her other friends, in order to secure herself from being again too much attracted.
After the foregoing discussion, which has been much compressed, we ma assume that the modified descendants of any one species will succeed s much the better as they become more diversified in structure, and are thu enabled to encroach on places occupied by other beings.
After the laps of time, under changing conditions of life, if any part comes to b injurious, it will be modified; or if it be not so, the being will becom extinct, as myriads have become extinct.
After this interval,  felt sure that the aphides would want to excrete.
After this speech the two girls sat many minutes silent, each thoughtful: Fanny meditating on the different sorts of friendship in the world, Mary on something of less philosophic tendency.
After twelve generations, the proportion of blood, to use a commo expression, from one ancestor, is only 1 in 2048; and yet, as we see, it i generally believed that a tendency to reversion is retained by this remnan of foreign blood.
After very warm and calm weather, rain or a storm is likely to occur or at any time when the atmosphere has been heated much above the usual temperature of the season.
After wandering about and sitting under trees with Fanny all the summer evenings, he had so well talked his mind into submission as to be very tolerably cheerful again.
After what had passed to wound and alienate the two families, the continuance of the Bertrams and Grants in such close neighbourhood would have been most distressing; but the absence of the latter, for some months purposely lengthened, ended very fortunately in the necessity, or at least the practicability, of a permanent removal.
After what passed at first, he would claim it as a promise.
After writing these, it was suggested that some remarks might be added for the benefit of many persons, especially young officers at sea, an the suggestion was complied with; yet not so as to diminish the portability of this compilation, or increase its price.
Afterwards I tried some larger fruits, capsules etc., and some of these floated for a long time.
Afterwards they undergo a complete change; their eye disappear; their legs and antennae become rudimentary, and they feed o honey; so that they now more closely resemble the ordinary larvae o insects; ultimately they undergo a further transformation, and finall emerge as the perfect beetle.
Afterwards, I allowed an ant t visit them, and it immediately seemed, by its eager way of running about t be well aware what a rich flock it had discovered; it then began to pla with its antennae on the abdomen first of one aphis and then of another and each, as soon as it felt the antennae, immediately lifted up it abdomen and excreted a limpid drop of sweet juice, which was eagerl devoured by the ant.
Afterwards, when familiarised with the visions of enjoyment so suddenly opened, she could speak more largely to William and Edmund of what she felt; but still there were emotions of tenderness that could not be clothed in words.
Again I say, many blunders were made, but we have had time to set them right.
Again in the fossorial hymenoptera, the neuration of the wings i a character of the highest importance, because common to large groups; bu in certain genera the neuration differs in the different species, an likewise in the two sexes of the same species.
Again it seemed to look upon him.
Again the Ghost sped on, above the black and heaving sea - on, on - until, being far away, as he told Scrooge, from any shore, they lighted on a ship.
Again the child dreamed of the open star, and of the company of angels, and the train of people, and the rows of angels with their beaming eyes all turned upon those people's faces.
Again, 100 heads of red clover (T. pratense) produce 2,700 seeds, but the same number of protected heads produced not a singl seed.
Again, I can show that th carcasses of birds, when floating on the sea, sometimes escape bein immediately devoured; and many kinds of seeds in the crops of floatin birds long retain their vitality:  peas and vetches, for instance, ar killed by even a few days' immersion in sea-water; but some taken out o the crop of a pigeon, which had floated on artificial sea-water for thirt days, to my surprise nearly all germinated.
Again, a organ may become rudimentary for its proper purpose, and be used for  distinct one:  in certain fishes the swim-bladder seems to be rudimentar for its proper function of giving buoyancy, but has become converted into  nascent breathing organ or lung.
Again, all recent experience show that it is difficult to get wild animals to breed freely unde domestication; yet on the hypothesis of the multiple origin of our pigeons it must be assumed that at least seven or eight species were so thoroughl domesticated in ancient times by half-civilized man, as to be quit prolific under confinement.
Again, an organ, useful under certain conditions, might becom injurious under others, as with the wings of beetles living on small an exposed islands; and in this case natural selection will have aided i reducing the organ, until it was rendered harmless and rudimentary.
Again, as in making reciprocal crosses between the same two species, ther is occasionally a great difference in the result, so the same thing occur with trimorphic plants; for instance, the mid-styled form of Lythru salicaria was illegitimately fertilised with the greatest ease by polle from the longer stamens of the short-styled form, and yielded many seeds but the latter form did not yield a single seed when fertilised by th longer stamens of the mid-styled form.
Again, as in the case of corporeal structure, and conformably to my theory the instinct of each species is good for itself, but has never, as far a we can judge, been produced for the exclusive good of others.
Again, as more and more of pleasure is imported into work, I think we shall take up kinds of work which produce desirable wares, but which we gave up because we could not carry them on pleasantly.
Again, both with plants and animals, there is th clearest evidence that a cross between individuals of the same species which differ to a certain extent, gives vigour and fertility to th offspring; and that close interbreeding continued during severa generations between the nearest relations, if these be kept under the sam conditions of life, almost always leads to decreased size, weakness, o sterility.
Again, from the same cause it would be advantageous to the Melipona, if she were to make her cell closer together, and more regular in every way than at present; for then as we have seen, the spherical surfaces would wholly disappear and b replaced by plane surfaces; and the Melipona would make a comb as perfec as that of the hive-bee.
Again, if art be inexhaustible, so is science also; and though it is no longer the only innocent occupation which is thought worth an intelligent man spending his time upon, as it once was, yet there are, and I suppose will be, many people who are excited by its conquest of difficulties, and care for it more than for anything else.
Again, innumerabl instances are known to every naturalist, of species keeping true, or no varying at all, although living under the most opposite climates.
Again, islands often posses trees or bushes belonging to orders which elsewhere include only herbaceou species; now trees, as Alph.
Again, it may be asked, how is it that varieties, which I have calle incipient species, become ultimately converted into good and distinc species, which in most cases obviously differ from each other far more tha do the varieties of the same species?  How do those groups of species which constitute what are called distinct genera and which differ from eac other more than do the species of the same genus, arise?  All thes results, as we shall more fully see in the next chapter, follow from th struggle for life.
Again, many violent acts came from the artificial perversion of the sexual passions, which caused overweening jealousy and the like miseries.
Again, no one will say that rudimentary or atrophied organs are of hig physiological or vital importance; yet, undoubtedly, organs in thi condition are often of much value in classification.
Again, not a fe animals, after arriving at maturity, go on changing in character durin nearly their whole lives.
Again, plants low i the scale of organisation are generally much more widely diffused tha plants higher in the scale; and here again there is no close relation t the size of the genera.
Again, the male element may reach th female element, but be incapable of causing an embryo to be developed, a seems to have been the case with some of Thuret's experiments on Fuci.
Again, two distinct organs, or the same organ under two very differen forms, may simultaneously perform in the same individual the same function and this is an extremely important means of transition:  to give on instance - there are fish with gills or branchiae that breathe the ai dissolved in the water, at the same time that they breathe free air i their swim-bladders, this latter organ being divided by highly vascula partitions and having a ductus pneumaticus for the supply of air.
Again, w may suppose that at an early period of history, the men of one nation o district required swifter horses, while those of another required stronge and bulkier horses.
Again, with respect to the fertility in successiv generations of the more fertile hybrid animals, I hardly know of a instance in which two families of the same hybrid have been raised at th same time from different parents, so as to avoid the ill effects of clos interbreeding.
Again, with respect to the singular fac that many terrestrial and fresh-water animals do not undergo an metamorphosis, while marine members of the same groups pass through variou transformations, Fritz Muller has suggested that the process of slowl modifying and adapting an animal to live on the land or in fresh water instead of in the sea, would be greatly simplified by its not passin through any larval stage; for it is not probable that places well adapte for both the larval and mature stages, under such new and greatly change habits of life, would commonly be found unoccupied or ill-occupied by othe organisms.
Agassiz and several other highly competent judges insist that ancien animals resemble to a certain extent the embryos of recent animal belonging to the same classes; and that the geological succession o extinct forms is nearly parallel with the embryological development o existing forms.
Agassiz believes this to be a universal law of nature; and we ma hope hereafter to see the law proved true.
Agriculturists, it is true, use weather-glasses.
Ah! England was an important place in those days.
Ah! How it skreeks! There ain't such a rusty bit of metal in the place as its own hinges, I believe; and I'm sure there's no such old bones here, as mine.
Ah! You may look through that shirt till your eyes ache; but you won't find a hole in it, nor a threadbare place.
Air presses on everything within about forty miles of the world's surface, like a much lighter ocean, at the bottom of which we live - not feeling its weight, becaus our bodies are full of air, but feeling its currents, the winds.
Alas! it was this sister, this friend and companion, who was now the chief bane of Fanny's comfort.
Alas! poor Richard, what should this portend The servant, as in duty bound, dismounted and took the phaeton into his keeping; yet Dick thought he touched his hat to him with something of a grin.
All Huntingdon exclaimed on the greatness of the match, and her uncle, the lawyer, himself, allowed her to be at least three thousand pounds short of any equitable claim to it.
All I can say is, that I hope he will not leave us: for don't you see, he is another kind of man to what we are used to, and somehow he makes us think of all kind of things; and already I feel as if I could understand Dickens the better for having talked with him.
All I can see is that you are angry, and I fear with me: so if you like we will change the subject.
All Mr. Mivart's objections will be, or have been, considered in th present volume.
All are supplanted sooner or later.
All arguments were in vain; the old rascal stuck to his point; nor did Richard conceal from himself how seriously this might injure his prospects, and he fought hard.
All as they should be.
All bein mainly due to the species of the same group being the descendants of  common progenitor, from whom they have inherited much in common, to part which have recently and largely varied being more likely still to go o varying than parts which have long been inherited and have not varied, t natural selection having more or less completely, according to the lapse o time, overmastered the tendency to reversion and to further variability, t sexual selection being less rigid than ordinary selection, and t variations in the same parts having been accumulated by natural and sexua selection, and thus having been adapted for secondary sexual, and fo ordinary purposes.
All comprehension is creation; the woman I love is somewhat of my handiwork; and the great lover, like the great painter, is he that can so embellish his subject as to make her more than human, whilst yet by a cunning art he has so based his apotheosis on the nature of the case that the woman can go on being a true woman, and give her character free play, and show littleness, or cherish spite, or be greedy of common pleasures, and he continue to worship without a thought of incongruity.
All fall into a few grand classes; and this fact is at once explained o the principle of descent.
All fresh water basins, taken together make a small area compared with that of the sea or of the land.
All geological facts tell us plainly that each area has undergone numerou slow oscillations of level, and apparently these oscillations have affecte wide spaces.
All hands were working deliberately but well and steadily, though they were as noisy with merry talk as a grove of autumn starlings.
All he could make out was, that it was still very foggy and extremely cold, and that there was no noise of people running to and fro, and making a great stir, as there unquestionably would have been if night had beaten off bright day, and taken possession of the world.
All her attention was for her work.
All ideas of peace on a basis of compromise had disappeared on either side.
All is safe with a lady engaged: no harm can be done.
All of a sudden a thought takes me in the street; I become its prey: it's like a pretty woman; no use to struggle; I must - dash it off.
All other moods save this had been exhausted: the unceasing criticism, the boundless curiosity in the ways and thoughts of man, which was the mood of the ancient Greek, to whom these things were not so much a means, as an end, was gone past recovery; nor had there been really any shadow of it in the so-called science of the nineteenth century, which, as you must know, was in the main an appendage to the commercial system; nay, not seldom an appendage to the police of that system.
All over the world there is a similar difference proportionate to the range of the mercury for which allowance should always be made in considering the height of the barometer.
All possible gradations, as he adds, may likewise be foun between the pedicellariae of the star-fishes and the hooks of th Ophiurians, another group of the Echinodermata; and again between th pedicellariae of sea-urchins and the anchors of the Holothuriae, als belonging to the same great class.
All suc differences in number, and the absence of certain whole groups of animal and plants, are generally accounted for by supposed differences in th physical conditions of the islands; but this explanation is not a littl doubtful.
All such changes of structure, whethe extremely slight or strongly marked, which appear among many individual living together, may be considered as the in definite effects of th conditions of life on each individual organism, in nearly the same manne as the chill effects different men in an in definite manner, according t their state of body or constitution, causing coughs or colds, rheumatism or inflammation of various organs.
All th individuals of the same species, and all the species of the same genus, o even higher group, are descended from common parents; and therefore, i however distant and isolated parts of the world they may now be found, the must in the course of successive generations have travelled from some on point to all the others.
All that English abilities can do has been tried already.
All that I have attempted to show is, that in two cases in some respects allied, sterility is the common result - in the one cas from the conditions of life having been disturbed, in the other case fro the organisation having been disturbed by two organisations bein compounded into one.
All that I heard was that his friend had pressed him to stay longer, and that he had agreed to do so.
All that cause of violent crime is gone.
All that followed was the result of her imprudence; and he went off with her at last, because he could not help it, regretting Fanny even at the moment, but regretting her infinitely more when all the bustle of the intrigue was over, and a very few months had taught him, by the force of contrast, to place a yet higher value on the sweetness of her temper, the purity of her mind, and the excellence of her principles.
All that is past; we are no longer hurried, and the information lies ready to each one's hand when his own inclinations impel him to seek it.
All that we can do is to keep steadily in mind that each organic being i striving to increase in a geometrical ratio; that each, at some period o its life, during some season of the year, during each generation, or a intervals, has to struggle for life and to suffer great destruction.
All that we have a right t expect is, that those groups which have, within known geological periods undergone much modification, should in the older formations make som slight approach to each other; so that the older members should differ les from each other in some of their characters than do the existing members o the same groups; and this by the concurrent evidence of our bes palaeontologists is frequently the case.
All that we want to show is, that where man species of a genus have been formed, on an average many are still forming and this certainly holds good.
All the agreeable of her speculation was over for that hour.
All the best plays were run over in vain.
All the comfort of their comfortable journey would be destroyed at once.
All the descendants of the genus F along its whole line of descent, are supposed to have been but littl modified, and they form a single genus.
All the foregoing rules and aids and difficulties in classification may b explained, if I do not greatly deceive myself, on the view that the natura system is founded on descent with modification - that the characters whic naturalists consider as showing true affinity between any two or mor species, are those which have been inherited from a common parent, all tru classification being genealogical - that community of descent is the hidde bond which naturalists have been unconsciously seeking, and not som unknown plan of creation, or the enunciation of general propositions, an the mere putting together and separating objects more or less alike.
All the many forms, extinct and recent, descended from (A), make, as befor remarked, one order; and this order, from the continued effects o extinction and divergence of character, has become divided into severa sub-families and families, some of which are supposed to have perished a different periods, and some to have endured to the present day.
All the members of the great order of Hymenopterous insects ar terrestrial, excepting the genus Proctotrupes, which Sir John Lubbock ha discovered to be aquatic in its habits; it often enters the water and dive about by the use not of its legs but of its wings, and remains as long a four hours beneath the surface; yet it exhibits no modification i structure in accordance with its abnormal habits.
All the members of whol classes are connected together by a chain of affinities, and all can b classed on the same principle, in groups subordinate to groups.
All the modified descendants from A will have inherited somethin in common from their common parent, as will all the descendants from I; s will it be with each subordinate branch of descendants at each successiv stage.
All the small country arts of life which once added to the little pleasures of country people were lost.
All the stripes soo disappeared completely.
All these angels, who were waiting, turned their beaming eyes upon the people who were carried up into the star; and some came out from the long rows in which they stood, and fell upon the people's necks, and kissed them tenderly, and went away with them down avenues of light, and were so happy in their company, that lying in his bed he wept for joy.
All these causes tend towards the sam end; but the most powerful appears to be the indirect influence of th eccentricity of the orbit upon oceanic currents.
All these modifications follow fro the relative position and inter-action of the parts; and it can hardly b doubted that if all the flowers and leaves on the same plant had bee subjected to the same external and internal condition, as are the flower and leaves in certain positions, all would have been modified in the sam manner.
All this agrees well with what we see under nature.
All this became gradually evident, and gradually placed Susan before her sister as an object of mingled compassion and respect.
All this clearly shows as Heer has remarked, that they had at this early age progresse considerably in civilisation; and this again implies a long continue previous period of less advanced civilisation, during which th domesticated animals, kept by different tribes in different districts might have varied and given rise to distinct races.
All this may be stamped on it; and that house receive such an air as to make its owner be set down as the great landholder of the parish by every creature travelling the road; especially as there is no real squire's house to dispute the point - a circumstance, between ourselves, to enhance the value of such a situation in point of privilege and independence beyond all calculation.
All this passed overnight, for the journey was to begin very early in the morning; and when the small, diminished party met at breakfast, William and Fanny were talked of as already advanced one stage.
All this seemed very interesting to me, and I should like to have made the old man talk more.
All this she had said, and with the earnestness of sincerity; yet this was not enough, for he immediately denied there being anything uncongenial in their characters, or anything unfriendly in their situations; and positively declared, that he would still love, and still hope Fanny knew her own meaning, but was no judge of her own manner.
All this time the chestnuts and the jug went round and round; and by-and-bye they had a song, about a lost child travelling in the snow, from Tiny Tim, who had a plaintive little voice, and sang it very well indeed.
All this time, he lay upon his bed, the very core and centre of a blaze of ruddy light, which streamed upon it when the clock proclaimed the hour; and which, being only light, was more alarming than a dozen ghosts, as he was powerless to make out what it meant, or would be at; and was sometimes apprehensive that he might be at that very moment an interesting case of spontaneous combustion, without having the consolation of knowing it.
All this was bad, but she had still more to feel when Friday came round again and brought no Edmund; when Saturday came and still no Edmund; and when, through the slight communication with the other family which Sunday produced, she learned that he had actually written home to defer his return, having promised to remain some days longer with his friend.
All this was much helped by the abolition of the squalor which our immediate ancestors put up with so coolly; and by the leisurely, but not stupid, country-life which now grew (as I told you before) to be common amongst us.
All this, I say, pleased me hugely, and she was pleased at my pleasure - but rather puzzled too.
All thos who have attended to the subject, believe that there is the severes rivalry between the males of many species to attract, by singing, th females.
All those fine first feelings, of which he had hoped to be the exciter, were already given.
All vertebrate animals, all insects and some other larg groups of animals, pair for each birth.
All went well: she did not dislike her own looks; and when she came to the necklaces again, her good fortune seemed complete, for upon trial the one given her by Miss Crawford would by no means go through the ring of the cross.
All were alert and impatient; the ladies moved soon, the gentlemen soon followed them, and with the exception of Lady Bertram, Mrs. Norris, and Julia, everybody was in the theatre at an early hour; and having lighted it up as well as its unfinished state admitted, were waiting only the arrival of Mrs. Grant and the Crawfords to begin.
All were at least comely, and one of them very handsome and regular of feature.
All were attracted at first by the plants or the pheasants, and all dispersed about in happy independence.
All who can distinguish will understand your motive.
All wolves, foxes jackals and species of the cat genus, when kept tame, are most eager t attack poultry, sheep and pigs; and this tendency has been found incurabl in dogs which have been brought home as puppies from countries such a Tierra del Fuego and Australia, where the savages do not keep thes domestic animals.
All work which would be irksome to do by hand is done by immensely improved machinery; and in all work which it is a pleasure to do by hand machinery is done without.
Alleys and archways, like so many cesspools, disgorged their offences of smell, and dirt, and life, upon the straggling streets; and the whole quarter reeked with crime, with filth, and misery.
Allow me to ask your pardon.
Allow me to stay here a little while, and do have the goodness to hear me my third act.
Allowance should invariably be made for the previous state of the instrument during some days as well as hours, because its indication may be affected by remote causes, or by changes close at hand.
Allowing 0,0011 of an inch for each foot.
Almos every part of every organic being is so beautifully related to its comple conditions of life that it seems as improbable that any part should hav been suddenly produced perfect, as that a complex machine should have bee invented by man in a perfect state.
Almost all oceani islands, even the most isolated and smallest, are inhabited by land-shells generally by endemic species, but sometimes by species found elsewher striking instances of which have been given by Dr. A.A. Gould in relatio to the Pacific.
Almost every year, as I am informed b Mr. E.V. Harcourt, many European and African birds are blown to Madeira this island is inhabited by ninety-nine kinds, of which one alone i peculiar, though very closely related to a European form; and three or fou other species are confined to this island and to the Canaries.
Almost every year, one or tw land-birds are blown across the whole Atlantic Ocean, from North America t the western shores of Ireland and England; but seeds could be transporte by these rare wanderers only by one means, namely, by dirt adhering t their feet or beaks, which is in itself a rare accident.
Along the Himalaya, at point 900 miles apart, glaciers have left the marks of their former low descent and in Sikkim, Dr. Hooker saw maize growing on ancient and giganti moraines.
Along the whole west coast, which is inhabited by a peculia marine fauna, tertiary beds are so poorly developed that no record o several successive and peculiar marine faunas will probably be preserved t a distant age.
Along this whol space of the Cordillera true glaciers do not now exist even at much mor considerable heights.
Alph.
Alphonse de Candolle and others have shown that plants which have very wid ranges generally present varieties; and this might have been expected, a they are exposed to diverse physical conditions, and as they come int competition (which, as we shall hereafter see, is a far more importan circumstance) with different sets of organic beings.
Also the banks of the forest that we passed through had lost their courtly game-keeperish trimness, and were as wild and beautiful as need he, though the trees were clearly well seen to.
Also when animals see sheltered places, instead of spreading over their usual range: when pig carry straw to their sties; and when smoke from chimneys does not ascen readily, (straight upwards during a calm,) an unfavourable change may b looked for.
Also, a bright yellow sky at sunset presages wind; a pale yellow, wet: and thus by the prevalence of red, yellow, or grey tints, the coming weather may be foretold very nearly, indeed, if aided by instruments, almost exactly.
Alternate rising and sinking show very unsettled weather.
Althoug I do not doubt that some domestic animals vary less than others, yet th rarity or absence of distinct breeds of the cat, the donkey, peacock goose, etc., may be attributed in main part to selection not having bee brought into play:  in cats, from the difficulty in pairing them; i donkeys, from only a few being kept by poor people, and little attentio paid to their breeding; for recently in certain parts of Spain and of th United States this animal has been surprisingly modified and improved b careful selection; in peacocks, from not being very easily reared and  large stock not kept; in geese, from being valuable only for two purposes food and feathers, and more especially from no pleasure having been felt i the display of distinct breeds; but the goose, under the conditions t which it is exposed when domesticated, seems to have a singularl inflexible organisation, though it has varied to a slight extent, as I hav elsewhere described.
Althoug organisation, on the whole, may have advanced and be still advancin throughout the world, yet the scale will always present many degrees o perfection; for the high advancement of certain whole classes, or o certain members of each class, does not at all necessarily lead to th extinction of those groups with which they do not enter into clos competition.
Although I am fully convinced of the truth of the views given in thi volume under the form of an abstract, I by no means expect to convinc experienced naturalists whose minds are stocked with a multitude of fact all viewed, during a long course of years, from a point of view directl opposite to mine.
Although I know of hardly any thoroughly well-authenticated cases o perfectly fertile hybrid animals, I have reason to believe that the hybrid from Cervulus vaginalis and Reevesii, and from Phasianus colchicus with P. torquatus, are perfectly fertile.
Although New Zealand is her spoken of as an oceanic island, it is in some degree doubtful whether i should be so ranked; it is of large size, and is not separated fro Australia by a profoundly deep sea; from its geological character and th direction of its mountain ranges, the Rev. W.B. Clarke has latel maintained that this island, as well as New Caledonia, should be considere as appurtenances of Australia.
Although all the individuals o the same species differ in some slight degree from each other, it woul often be long before differences of the right nature in various parts o the organisation might occur.
Although eac formation has indisputably required a vast number of years for it deposition, several reasons can be given why each should not commonl include a graduated series of links between the species which lived at it commencement and close, but I cannot assign due proportional weight to th following considerations.
Although each formation may mark a very long lapse of years, each probabl is short compared with the period requisite to change one species int another.
Although every part of the body varies slightly it does not follow that the necessary parts should always vary in the righ direction and to the right degree.
Although few of the most ancient species have lef modified descendants, yet, at remote geological periods, the earth may hav been almost as well peopled with species of many genera, families, order and classes, as at the present day.
Although fully trusting to the statements of Huber and Mr. Smith, I tried to approach the subject in a sceptical frame of mind, as an one may well be excused for doubting the existence of so extraordinary a instinct as that of making slaves.
Although in most of these cases the two or three forms, both with animals and plants, are not now connecte by intermediate gradations, it is possible that they were once thu connected.
Although in oceanic islands the species are few in number, the proportio of endemic kinds (i.e.
Although isolation is of great importance in the production of new species on the whole I am inclined to believe that largeness of area is still mor important, especially for the production of species which shall prov capable of enduring for a long period, and of spreading widely.
Although many distinct genera within the same famil have been grafted together, in other cases species of the same genus wil not take on each other.
Although many statements may b found in works on natural history to this effect, I cannot find even on which seems to me of any weight.
Although much remains obscure and will long remain obscure, I can entertain no doubt, after the mos deliberate study and dispassionate judgment of which I am capable, that th view which most naturalists until recently entertained, and which  formerly entertained - namely, that each species has been independentl created - is erroneous.
Although natural selection can act only through and for the good of eac being, yet characters and structures, which we are apt to consider as o very trifling importance, may thus be acted on.
Although new an important modifications may not arise from reversion and analogou variation, such modifications will add to the beautiful and harmoniou diversity of nature.
Although no graduated link of structure, fitted for gliding through the air, now connect th Galeopithecus with the other Insectivora, yet there is no difficulty i supposing that such links formerly existed, and that each was developed i the same manner as with the less perfectly gliding squirrels; each grade o structure having been useful to its possessor.
Although s small a species, it is very courageous, and I have seen it ferociousl attack other ants.
Although so few marine animals are common t the above-named three approximate faunas of Eastern and Western America an the eastern Pacific islands, yet many fishes range from the Pacific int the Indian Ocean, and many shells are common to the eastern islands of th Pacific and the eastern shores of Africa on almost exactly opposit meridians of longitude.
Although some species ma be now increasing, more or less rapidly, in numbers, all cannot do so, fo the world would not hold them.
Although terrestrial mammals do not occur on oceanic islands aerial mammals do occur on almost every island.
Although the Government and Parliament had the law-courts, the army, and 'society' at their backs, the Committee of Public Safety began to be a force in the country, and really represented the producing classes.
Although the barometer generally falls with a Southerly, and rises with a Northerly wind, the contrary sometimes occurs; in which cases the Southerly wind is dry and the weather fine; or the Northerly wind is wet and violent.
Although the beak is thus ver inferior as a sifter to that of a shoveller, yet this bird, as every on knows, constantly uses it for this purpose.
Although the beaks and feet of birds are generally clean, earth sometime adheres to them:  in one case I removed sixty-one grains, and in anothe case twenty-two grains of dry argillaceous earth from the foot of  partridge, and in the earth there was a pebble as large as the seed of  vetch.
Although the belief that an organ so perfect as the eye could have bee formed by natural selection, is enough to stagger any one; yet in the cas of any organ, if we know of a long series of gradations in complexity, eac good for its possessor, then under changing conditions of life, there is n logical impossibility in the acquirement of any conceivable degree o perfection through natural selection.
Although the fertility of varieties when intercrossed, and of their mongre offspring, has been asserted by so many authors to be universal, thi cannot be considered as quite correct after the facts given on the hig authority of Gartner and Kolreuter.
Although the mercury falls lowest before high winds, it frequently sinks considerably before heavy rain only.
Although the preceding remarks are probably sufficient for their principal purpose - these pages may fall into the hands of person familiar with the subject, to whom the following observations may be addressed, as some of the reasons for what has been so briefly, if not too positively outlined.
Although there is no evidence that any animal performs an action for th exclusive good of another species, yet each tries to take advantage of th instincts of others, as each takes advantage of the weaker bodily structur of other species.
Although there will always be a struggle for life between th inhabitants of the same pond, however few in kind, yet as the number eve in a well-stocked pond is small in comparison with the number of specie inhabiting an equal area of land, the competition between them wil probably be less severe than between terrestrial species; consequently a intruder from the waters of a foreign country would have a better chance o seizing on a new place, than in the case of terrestrial colonists.
Although they had but that moment left the school behind them, they were now in the busy thoroughfares of a city, where shadowy passengers passed and repassed; where shadowy carts and coaches battled for the way, and all the strife and tumult of a real city were.
Although tw countries may present physical conditions as closely similar as the sam species ever require, we need feel no surprise at their inhabitants bein widely different, if they have been for a long period completely sundere from each other; for as the relation of organism to organism is the mos important of all relations, and as the two countries will have receive colonists at various periods and in different proportions, from some othe country or from each other, the course of modification in the two area will inevitably have been different.
Although very many species have almost certainly been produced by steps no greater than those separating fine varieties; yet it may be maintained tha some have been developed in a different and abrupt manner.
Although we have no good evidence of the existence in organic beings of a innate tendency towards progressive development, yet this necessaril follows, as I have attempted to show in the fourth chapter, through th continued action of natural selection.
Although we must be extremely cautious in concluding that any organ coul not have been produced by successive, small, transitional gradations, ye undoubtedly serious cases of difficulty occur.
Although well used to ghostly company by this time, Scrooge feared the silent shape so much that his legs trembled beneath him, and he found that he could hardly stand when he prepared to follow it.
Altogether at least a score of pigeons might be chosen, which, if shown t an ornithologist, and he were told that they were wild birds, woul certainly be ranked by him as well-defined species.
Altogether no less than ten genera are enumerated, which include specie that imitate other butterflies.
Altogether she was what you would have called provoking, you know; but satisfactory, too.
Altogether there is the closest identity in character and behaviour betwee illegitimate plants and hybrids.
Altogether, out of the ninety-four drie plants, eighteen floated for above twenty-eight days; and some of th eighteen floated for a very much longer period.
Always some little objection, some little doubt, some little anxiety to be got over.
Amelia and Agatha may do for Maria and me, but here is nothing for your sister, Mr. Crawford.
Amelia deserves no better.
Amelia is a character more difficult to be well represented than even Agatha.
Amelia should be a small, light, girlish, skipping figure.
Amid the cares and the complacency which his own children suggested, Sir Thomas did not forget to do what he could for the children of Mrs. Price: he assisted her liberally in the education and disposal of her sons as they became old enough for a determinate pursuit; and Fanny, though almost totally separated from her family, was sensible of the truest satisfaction in hearing of any kindness towards them, or of anything at all promising in their situation or conduct.
Amidst all these gardens and houses it was of course impossible to trace the sites of the old streets: but it seemed to me that the main roadways were the same as of old.
Amidst such talk, driving quietly through the balmy evening, we came to Hammersmith, and were well received by our friends there.
Among birds, the contest is often of a more peaceful character.
Among insects there are innumerable instances; thus Linnaeus, misled b external appearances, actually classed an homopterous insect as a moth.
Among mammals, we see it strikingly displayed in Bats and in a lesser degree in the Felidae and Canidae.
Among many animals sexual selection will have given its aid t ordinary selection by assuring to the most vigorous and best adapted male the greatest number of offspring.
Among resident artists he enjoyed celebrity of a non-professional sort.
Among the pious, the queries of the philosopher were soon erected into doctrines of the church.
Among the vertebrata the degree o intellect and an approach in structure to man clearly come into play.
Amongst these were many children from six or eight years old up to sixteen or seventeen.
Amongst us, our differences concern matters of business, and passing events as to them, and could not divide men permanently.
An advantage this, a strengthener of love, in which even the conjugal tie is beneath the fraternal.
An affection so amiable was advancing each in the opinion of all who had hearts to value anything good.
An almost equally simple, though very different plan occurs i many plants in which a symmetrical flower secretes a few drops of nectar and is consequently visited by insects; and these carry the pollen from th anthers to the stigma.
An analogous explanation has been given by Mr. Wallace, of the equall complex case, of certain Malayan butterflies regularly appearing under tw or even three distinct female forms; and by Fritz Muller, of certai Brazilian crustaceans likewise appearing under two widely distinct mal forms.
An animal thus characterized has been slaughtered, but th breeder has gone with confidence to the same stock and has succeeded.
An argument of great weight, and applicable in several other cases, is that the above-specified breeds, though agreeing generally with the wil rock-pigeon in constitution, habits, voice, colouring, and in most parts o their structure, yet are certainly highly abnormal in other parts; we ma look in vain through the whole great family of Columbidae for a beak lik that of the English carrier, or that of the short-faced tumbler, or barb for reversed feathers like those of the Jacobin; for a crop like that o the pouter; for tail-feathers like those of the fantail.
An attachment, originally as tranquil as their tempers, was now become a mere name.
An elegant, moderate-sized house in the centre of family connexions; continual engagements among them; commanding the first society in the neighbourhood; looked up to, perhaps, as leading it even more than those of larger fortune, and turning from the cheerful round of such amusements to nothing worse than a tete-a-tete with the person one feels most agreeable in the world.
An engaged woman is always more agreeable than a disengaged.
An enormous roll of green baize had arrived from Northampton, and been cut out by Mrs. Norris (with a saving by her good management of full three-quarters of a yard), and was actually forming into a curtain by the housemaids, and still the play was wanting; and as two or three days passed away in this manner, Edmund began almost to hope that none might ever be found.
An extraordinary amount of modificatio implies an unusually large and long-continued amount of variability, whic has continually been accumulated by natural selection for the benefit o the species.
An icicle must have got into the works.
An if there has been any variability under nature, it would be a unaccountable fact if natural selection had not come into play.
An in the case of fluid drawn off or diminished in weight at one end while increased by repletion at the other, the whole body of water will move similarly to that in the former vessel, but unequally.
An observer may be near a central point towards which the surrounding fluid tends, or from which it diverges.
An observer may be under the centre of such accumulation or depression, he may be more or less distant from it though within the influence of whatever horizontal movement of air may be caused by such temporary increase or diminution of pressure.
An odious, little, pert, unnatural, impudent girl.
An officer of a watch, with a good eye for clouds and signs of changing weather, may save his men a great deal of unnecessary exposure, as well as work, besides economising sails, spars, and rigging.
An organ fo vision must be formed of transparent tissue, and must include some sort o lens for throwing an image at the back of a darkened chamber.
An organ might also, be retained for one alone of its former functions.
An organ, serving for two purposes, may become rudimentary or utterl aborted for one, even the more important purpose, and remain perfectl efficient for the other.
An part or organ developed to an extraordinary size or in an extraordinar manner, in comparison with the same part or organ in the allied species must have gone through an extraordinary amount of modification since th genus arose; and thus we can understand why it should often still b variable in a much higher degree than other parts; for variation is  long-continued and slow process, and natural selection will in such case not as yet have had time to overcome the tendency to further variabilit and to reversion to a less modified state.
An uncle with whom she has been living so many years, and who, whatever his faults may be, is so very fond of her brother, treating him, they say, quite like a son.
An what are varieties but groups of forms, unequally related to each other and clustered round certain forms - that is, round their parent-species.
Analogou facts could be given in relation to the distribution of marine animals.
Analogous facts could be given with respect to the inhabitants of the sea.
Analogy from the consideration of dimorphic an trimorphic plants clearly leads to the same conclusion, for when the form are illegitimately united, they yield few or no seed, and their offsprin are more or less sterile; and these forms belong to the same undoubte species, and differ from each other in no respect except in thei reproductive organs and functions.
Analogy would lead me one step further, namely, to the belief that al animals and plants are descended from some one prototype.
And Dick, from above on the bridge where he stood to watch her, saw a strange, equivocal smile dawn slowly on her face and pass away again at once and suddenly, leaving her as grave as ever; and the sense of distance, which it is so cruel for a lover to endure, pressed with every moment more heavily on her companion.
And Esther's bearing was more that of despair than that of love.
And Fanny, what was she doing and thinking all this while? and what was her opinion of the newcomers? Few young ladies of eighteen could be less called on to speak their opinion than Fanny.
And I do not know that I should be fond of preaching often; now and then, perhaps once or twice in the spring, after being anxiously expected for half a dozen Sundays together; but not for a constancy; it would not do for a constancy.
And I do not know that there would be any good in going to the assembly, for I might not get a partner.
And I do seriously and truly believe that he is attached to you in a way that he never was to any woman before; that he loves you with all his heart, and will love you as nearly for ever as possible.
And I do take leave, longing for a happy reunion, and trusting that when we meet again, it will be under circumstances which may open our hearts to each other without any remnant or shadow of reserve.
And I find tha several species in this state withstand uninjured an immersion in sea-wate during seven days.
And I hope you will have a very agreeable day, and find it all mighty delightful.
And I hope you will not be cruelly concealing any tendency to indisposition.
And I look at varieties which are in any degre more distinct and permanent, as steps toward more strongly marked an permanent varieties; and at the latter, as leading to sub-species, and the to species.
And I must say, that its being for you has raised him inconceivably in my opinion.
And I must tell you whatever quarrels or misunderstandings arise, they very seldom take place between people of different race; and consequently since there is less unreason in them, they are the more readily appeased.
And I no more believe Topper was really blind than I believe he had eyes in his boots.
And I observed that she always spoke of you as 'Fanny,' which she was never used to do; and it had a sound of most sisterly cordiality.
And I sat watching how his eyes glittered, and how the fresh life seemed to glow in his face, and I wondered how at his age he should think of the happiness of the world, or indeed anything but his coming dinner.
And I saw a devilish pretty woman, by Gad.
And I saw you there, though you didn't see me.
And I see my kinsman Richard Hammond has an air about him as if he had brought you here for me to do something for you.
And Mr. Campbell was here at four o'clock to ask for you: he has got one of the Thrush's boats, and is going off to her at six, and hoped you would be here in time to go with him.
And O, my Father, now I thank thee that it has so often opened, to receive those dear ones who await me! And the star was shining; and it shines upon his grave.
And Scrooge said often afterwards, that of all the blithe sounds he had ever heard, those were the blithest in his ears.
And Scrooge's name was good upon 'Change, for anything he chose to put his hand to.
And Sir Thomas's wishing just at first to be only with his family, is so very natural, that she can argue nothing from that.
And after this interval, variety a1 is supposed in th diagram to have produced variety a2, which will, owing to the principle o divergence, differ more from (A) than did variety a1.
And all the while Dick smilingly consented, understanding well that he was being done, but taking his losses in the pursuit of character as a hunter sacrifices his dogs.
And all thes circumstances are favourable to the production of new varieties.
And all these genera, descended from (A), form an order distinc from the genera descended from (I).
And all these gradations can be actually traced.
And all this we could no more help than the earthquake of the year before last.
And analogy would lead us to believe that th young thus reared would be apt to follow by inheritance the occasional an aberrant habit of their mother, and in their turn would be apt to lay thei eggs in other birds' nests, and thus be more successful in rearing thei young.
And another of us (I won't name him) got fairly bitten with love-madness, and used to go about making himself as unpleasant as he could - not of malice prepense, of course; so that the girl, who liked him well enough at first, though she didn't love him, began fairly to dislike him.
And as for Fanny's just stepping down to my house for me -  it is not much above a quarter of a mile - I cannot think I was unreasonable to ask it.
And as for me, I am twenty years old.
And as for the pigments, well, I'll use them, some of these days; and to show that I'm in earnest, I'll get Dick here to prepare a canvas.
And as for the rest, they may be filled up by anybody.
And as for this necklace, I do not suppose I have worn it six times: it is very pretty, but I never think of it; and though you would be most heartily welcome to any other in my trinket-box, you have happened to fix on the very one which, if I have a choice, I would rather part with and see in your possession than any other.
And as foreigners hav thus in every country beaten some of the natives, we may safely conclud that the natives might have been modified with advantage, so as to hav better resisted the intruders.
And as it is not likel that man should have succeeded in selecting so many breeds and sub-breed with constitutions specially fitted for their own districts, the resul must, I think, be due to habit.
And as natural selection works solely b and for the good of each being, all corporeal and mental endowments wil tend to progress towards perfection.
And as soon as the girl was gone upon this hospitable intent, the old woman crossed the room and came quite near to Dick as if in menace.
And as the snow melted from the bases of the mountains, th arctic forms would seize on the cleared and thawed ground, alway ascending, as the warmth increased and the snow still further disappeared higher and higher, whilst their brethren were pursuing their norther journey.
And as they were in many ways still very powerful, or seemed so to be; they still hoped by means of brute force to regain some of what they had lost, and perhaps in the end the whole of it.
And as to coming away at night, you are to stay just as long as Edmund chuses.
And as to my father's being absent, it is so far from an objection, that I consider it rather as a motive; for the expectation of his return must be a very anxious period to my mother; and if we can be the means of amusing that anxiety, and keeping up her spirits for the next few weeks, I shall think our time very well spent, and so, I am sure, will he.
And as to the salmon, why, neighbour, my friend here, who comes from the outlands, was quite surprised yesterday morning when I told him we had plenty of salmon at Hammersmith.
And as we must look at the curious and complex laws governing the facilit with which trees can be grafted on each other as incidental on unknow differences in their vegetative systems, so I believe that the still mor complex laws governing the facility of first crosses are incidental o unknown differences in their reproductive systems.
And at least, in one way or the other, here was the dangerous beginning of a separation between two hearts.
And at times it may fall considerably with polar winds and fine weather, apparently against thes rules, because a continuance of equatorial wind is about to follow.
And being always with her, and always talking confidentially, and his feelings exactly in that favourable state which a recent disappointment gives, those soft light eyes could not be very long in obtaining the pre-eminence.
And being, from the emotion he had undergone, or the fatigues of the day, or his glimpse of the Invisible World, or the dull conversation of the Ghost, or the lateness of the hour, much in need of repose; went straight to bed, without undressing, and fell asleep upon the instant.
And besides, I want to play something more to you - a very pretty piece - and your cousin Edmund's prime favourite.
And besides, he wanted her so very much to see the Thrush before she went out of harbour - the Thrush was certainly the finest sloop in the service - and there were several improvements in the dockyard, too, which he quite longed to shew her.
And besides, it is all he cares for; let him take it, and let me never hear from him again.
And besides, these students are generally such pleasant people; so kind and sweet tempered; so humble, and at the same time so anxious to teach everybody all that they know.
And by the way, I saw that the silver had oxydised, and was like a blackleaded stove in colour.
And conversely, that natura selection may perfectly well succeed in largely developing an organ withou requiring as a necessary compensation the reduction of some adjoining part.
And even Scrooge was not so dreadfully cut up by the sad event, but that he was an excellent man of business on the very day of the funeral, and solemnised it with an undoubted bargain.
And even now, when all is won and has been for a long time, my heart is sickened with thinking of all the waste of life that has gone on for so many years.
And every man on board, waking or sleeping, good or bad, had had a kinder word for another on that day than on any day in the year; and had shared to some extent in its festivities; and had remembered those he cared for at a distance, and had known that they delighted to remember him.
And for a few minutes he did say nothing.
And from what I have seen I should suppose that your marketing, great and little, is carried on in a way that makes it a pleasant occupation.
And geology tells u that some of the lowest forms, as the infusoria and rhizopods, hav remained for an enormous period in nearly their present state.
And had I had an idea of it, nothing should have induced me to accept the necklace.
And hardly had the carriage turned the corner and rattled into the high road with this inexplicable pair, than the whistle broke forth - prolonged, and low and tremulous; and the groom, already so far relieved, vented the rest of his surprise in one simple English word, friendly to the mouth of Jack-tar and the sooty pitman, and hurried to spread the news round the servants' hall of Naseby House.
And he and the editor made post-haste for the country town.
And he did it; yes, he did! The clock struck nine.
And he fawned upon Dick with his hands.
And he is not an acquaintance of to-day; you have now known him some time.
And he laughed loud and merrily, as if the idea of being paid for his work was a very funny joke.
And he led the way upstairs, and opening a door we went into a fair-sized room of the old type, as plain as the rest of the house, with a few necessary pieces of furniture, and those very simple and even rude, but solid and with a good deal of carving about them, well designed but rather crudely executed.
And he said, 'I am.
And he sat down with a most gloomy countenance by Fanny.
And he sobbed.
And he stretched out his arms and cried, 'O, mother, sister, and brother, I am here! Take me!' And they answered him, 'Not yet,' and the star was shining.
And he walked off briskly towards the inn, leaving Dick alone with Esther on the road.
And here the importance of th principle of benefit derived from divergence of character comes in; fo this will generally lead to the most different or divergent variation (represented by the outer dotted lines) being preserved and accumulated b natural selection.
And i may be asked what advantage, as far as we can see, would it be to a infusorian animalcule - to an intestinal worm - or even to an earth-worm, t be highly organised.
And if I have good luck, your mother shall have some.
And if those classes had really been incapable of being touched by that instinct which produced the passion for freedom and equality aforesaid, what would have happened, I think, would have been this: that a certain part of the working classes would have been so far improved in condition that they would have approached the condition of the middling rich men; but below them would have been a great class of most miserable slaves, whose slavery would have been far more hopeless than the older class-slavery had been.
And if w reflect on the vast diversity of the plants and animals which have bee cultivated, and which have varied during all ages under the most differen climates and treatment, we are driven to conclude that this grea variability is due to our domestic productions having been raised unde conditions of life not so uniform as, and somewhat different from, those t which the parent species had been exposed under nature.
And if, in every separate territory, hardl any idea can be formed of the length of time which has elapsed between th consecutive formations, we may infer that this could nowhere b ascertained.
And in a minute or two Dick and Clara came to me, the latter looking most fresh and beautiful in a light silk embroidered gown, which to my unused eyes was extravagantly gay and bright; while Dick was also handsomely dressed in white flannel prettily embroidered.
And in effect the Golden Dustman hailed us from the hall-door; so we all got up and went into the porch, before which, with a strong grey horse in the shafts, stood a carriage ready for us which I could not help noticing.
And in like manner as to other parts in whic there appears to exist an adaptation to an end.
And in the distant future, a geologist, examining these beds would be tempted to conclude that the average duration of life of th embedded fossils had been less than that of the glacial period, instead o having been really far greater, that is, extending from before the glacia epoch to the present day.
And in the meantime Dick learned more about his acquaintance on all sides: heard of his yacht, his chaise and four, his brief season of celebrity amid a more confiding population, his daughter, of whom he loved to whimper in his cups, his sponging, parasitical, nameless way of life; and with each new detail something that was not merely interest nor yet altogether affection grew up in his mind towards this disreputable stepson of the arts.
And in the midst of all this turmoil, a sense of unpardonable injustice remained graven in his memory.
And in the very wonder of this, it would be itself again; distinct and clear as ever.
And in this case, it is not at al surprising that the inherent sterility in the hybrids should have gone o increasing.
And in this last Dick shuddered to identify his father's chestnut.
And indeed, rightly considered, this interest of his was an artistic interest.
And it does not appear to me that we are more serious than we used to be - I mean before my uncle went abroad.
And it is in fresh wate basins that we find seven genera of Ganoid fishes, remnants of a onc preponderant order:  and in fresh water we find some of the most anomalou forms now known in the world, as the Ornithorhynchus and Lepidosiren which, like fossils, connect to a certain extent orders at present widel separated in the natural scale.
And it seems to me that nothing less than a long list of such cases i sufficient to lessen the difficulty in any particular case like that of th bat.
And it was a very uncommon kind of torch, for once or twice when there were angry words between some dinner-carriers who had jostled each other, he shed a few drops of water on them from it, and their good humour was restored directly.
And it was clear he meant to do it.
And it would appear from information given me by Mr. Watson, Dr. Asa Gray and Mr. Wollaston, that generally, when varieties intermediate between tw other forms occur, they are much rarer numerically than the forms whic they connect.
And just then the Admiral perceived a house by the wayside, and something depending over the house door which might be construed as a sign by the hopeful and thirsty.
And let me tell you, my friend, that I can see you are too apt to fall into mere dreamy musing: no doubt because you are not yet used to our life of repose amidst of energy; of work which is pleasure and pleasure which is work.
And look, there is a ferry! I told her the name of it, as I slowed off to put the ferry-chain over our heads; and on we went passing by a bank clad with oak trees on our left hand, till the stream narrowed again and deepened, and we rowed on between walls of tall reeds, whose population of reed sparrows and warblers were delightfully restless, twittering and chuckling as the wash of the boats stirred the reeds from the water upwards in the still, hot morning.
And my friend does not manage him well; she does not seem to know how to make the best of it.
And now I am afraid Campbell will be here before there is time to dress a steak, and we have no butcher at hand.
And now I order you to tell me how far things have gone, and whither you have smuggled my unhappy son.
And now I'm afraid I have made you feel uncomfortable.
And now Scrooge looked on more attentively than ever, when the master of the house, having his daughter leaning fondly on him, sat down with her and her mother at his own fireside; and when he thought that such another creature, quite as graceful and as full of promise, might have called him father, and been a spring-time in the haggard winter of his life, his sight grew very dim indeed.
And now again I was busy looking about me, for we were quite clear of Piccadilly Market, and were in a region of elegantly-built much ornamented houses, which I should have called villas if they had been ugly and pretentious, which was very far from being the case.
And now he wished to order her to bed in her own house! now he called her puss! now, even as he uttered the words, toppling on his chair, he broke the stem of his tobacco-pipe in three! Never did the sheep turn upon her shearer with a more commanding front.
And now on of the richest known accumulations of fossil mammals belongs to the middl of the secondary series; and true mammals have been discovered in the ne red sandstone at nearly the commencement of this great series.
And now the slayer in his turn is so upset that he is like to kill himself; and if he does, the girl will do as much, I fear.
And now you must be off for Spithead too.
And now, dear Fanny, I will not interrupt you any longer.
And now, do not trouble yourself to be ashamed of either my feelings or your own.
And now, my dear Fanny, this subject is closed between us.
And now, the world had grown old and wiser, and I was to see my hope realised at last So on we went, Dick rowing in an easy tireless way, and Clara sitting by my side admiring his manly beauty and heartily good-natured face, and thinking, I fancy, of nothing else.
And of the species now living very few will transmi progeny of any kind to a far distant futurity; for the manner in which al organic beings are grouped, shows that the greater number of species i each genus, and all the species in many genera, have left no descendants but have become utterly extinct.
And on another account, too, I can perfectly comprehend.
And on the other hand, it was just for the possession of that wealth that 'the rebels' were fighting, and I should have thought, especially when they saw that they were winning, that they would have been careful to destroy as little as possible of what was so soon to be their own.
And one night as he lay upon his bed, his children standing round, he cried, as he had cried so long ago 'I see the star! They whispered one another, 'He is dying.
And please laugh; only tell me.
And really I don't see why you should fall foul of Maple-Durham lock, which I think a very pretty place.
And remember that, if you are ever so forward and clever yourselves, you should always be modest; for, much as you know already, there is a great deal more for you to learn.
And she began to step forward on her way.
And she gave him her hand, with a sort of curtsy.
And she immediately scrambled across the fence, and walked away, not attending to Fanny's last question of whether she had seen anything of Miss Crawford and Edmund.
And so on we went up the Thames still - or whither On we went.
And such instances o diversity of instinct in the same species can be shown to occur in nature.
And such instances occu in nature.
And such ne places will depend on slow changes of climate, or on the occasiona immigration of new inhabitants, and, probably, in a still more importan degree, on some of the old inhabitants becoming slowly modified, with th new forms thus produced and the old ones acting and reacting on each other.
And such was Fanny's dependence on his words, that for five minutes she thought they had done.
And the Admiral stood forth in a halo.
And the barometer, after very little practice, can be used by any man.
And the cases jus given, more especially that of the pigeons, show that the characteristi differences which have been accumulated by man's selection, and which giv value to his breeds, do not generally appear at a very early period o life, and are inherited at a corresponding not early period.
And the harder, more greasy, rolled, tufted or ragged the clouds, the stronger the coming wind will prove.
And the house itself was a fit guardian for all the beauty of this heart of summer.
And the humbug himself? Do you fancy he was easier in his mind? I am sure, on the other hand, that he was acutely miserable; and he betrayed his sufferings by a perfectly silly and undignified access of temper, during which he broke his pipe in several pieces, threw his brandy and water in the fire, and employed words which were very plain although the drift of them was somewhat vague.
And the man who had been the child saw his daughter, newly lost to him, a celestial creature among those three, and he said, 'My daughter's head is on my sister's bosom, and her arm is around my mother's neck, and at her feet there is the baby of old time, and I can bear the parting from her, GOD be praised! And the star was shining.
And the next day did bring a surprise to her.
And the old fellow chuckled again, and at last fairly burst out laughing.
And the other, that you will often call on Mrs. Grant, and make her amends for my being gone.
And the star, opening, showed him a great world of light, where many more such angels waited to receive them.
And the tw or more parent-species are supposed to be descended from some one specie of an earlier genus.
And the two new families, o orders, are descended from two species of the original genus; and these ar supposed to be descended from some still more ancient and unknown form.
And their assembled friends being not a bit behindhand, roared out lustily.
And then he will look across at his daughter's portrait, a photograph, shake his head with an amused appearance, and mix himself another grog by way of consolation.
And then let any man explain to me, if he can, how it happened that Scrooge, having his key in the lock of the door, saw in the knocker, without its undergoing any intermediate process of change - not a knocker, but Marley's face.
And then the door closed behind her, and Dick was alone in the darkness.
And then the poor horses too! To see them straining away! You know how I always feel for the horses.
And then we got into the carriage, Dick shook the reins, and we got under way at once, Greylocks trotting soberly between the lovely trees of the London streets, that were sending floods of fragrance into the cool evening air; for it was now getting toward sunset.
And then you did yourself injustice when you spoke just now.
And then, Fanny, the glory of fixing one who has been shot at by so many; of having it in one's power to pay off the debts of one's sex! Oh! I am sure it is not in woman's nature to refuse such a triumph.
And then, about half-past one, the candle she had been thus intently watching flared up into a last blaze of paper, and she leaped to her feet with an ejaculation, looked about her once, blew out the light, turned round, and was heard rapidly mounting the staircase in the dark.
And then, her air, her manner, her tout ensemble, is so indescribably improved! She must be grown two inches, at least, since October.
And there is your father at the door! She hurried out to meet him; and little Bob in his comforter - he had need of it, poor fellow - came in.
And there must be your approach, through what is at present the garden.
And therefore, uncle, though it has never put a scrap of gold or silver in my pocket, I believe that it has done me good, and will do me good; and I say, God bless it! The clerk in the tank involuntarily applauded.
And therewith I took a handful of money out of my pocket, as one does in a foreign country.
And therewith he took Clara's hand, and led her down the bent.
And therewith he turned and swung himself out of the hall.
And therewith we gave them good day and went out of the booth.
And thes conditions have, it is probable, been largely determined through natura selection.
And they ar wholly inexplicable on any other view.
And they are quite in the light, for it would be a very pretty establishment for them.
And they think she will have her orders in a day or two.
And they went on in silence through Kirton hamlet, where an old man followed them with his eyes, and perhaps envied them their youth and love; and across the Ivy beck where the mill was splashing and grumbling low thunder to itself in the chequered shadow of the dell, and the miller before the door was beating flour from his hands as he whistled a modulation; and up by the high spinney, whence they saw the mountains upon either hand; and down the hill again to the back courts and offices of Naseby House.
And they were forced to meet it by a measure hostile to the masters, the establishment of government factories for the production of necessary wares, and markets for their sale.
And they will now see their cousin treated as she ought to be, and I wish they may be heartily ashamed of their own abominable neglect and unkindness.
And this certainly holds tru if varieties be looked at as incipient species; for my tables clearly show as a general rule, that, wherever many species of a genus have been formed the species of that genus present a number of varieties, that is, o incipient species, beyond the average.
And this continuity o the circumpolar land, with the consequent freedom under a more favourabl climate for intermigration, will account for the supposed uniformity of th sub-arctic and temperate productions of the Old and New Worlds, at a perio anterior to the Glacial epoch.
And this fac shows that a character, which is generally of generic value, when it sink in value and becomes only of specific value, often becomes variable, thoug its physiological importance may remain the same.
And this is the case with some of the America cave-animals, as I hear from Professor Dana; and some of the Europea cave-insects are very closely allied to those of the surrounding country.
And this is the rule of development i certain whole groups, or in certain sub-groups alone, as with cuttle-fish land-shells, fresh-water crustaceans, spiders, and some members of th great class of insects.
And this is why there is a new household and a brand-new baby in Naseby Dower House; and why the great Van Tromp lives in pleasant style upon the shores of England; and why twenty-six individual copies of the Thymebury Star are received daily at the door of Naseby House.
And this undoubtedly is the case.
And this, I a convinced, is the case.
And this, perhaps, might have bee anticipated; for, as varieties, in order to become in any degree permanent necessarily have to struggle with the other inhabitants of the country, th species which are already dominant will be the most likely to yiel offspring, which, though in some slight degree modified, still inheri those advantages that enabled their parents to become dominant over thei compatriots.
And though Dr. Grant is most kind and obliging to me, and though he is really a gentleman, and, I dare say, a good scholar and clever, and often preaches good sermons, and is very respectable, I see him to be an indolent, selfish bon vivant, who must have his palate consulted in everything; who will not stir a finger for the convenience of any one; and who, moreover, if the cook makes a blunder, is out of humour with his excellent wife.
And though of course I cannot force any special kind of knowledge upon them, yet, my Friend, I cannot help thinking that just as they might be like me in body, so I might impress upon them some part of my ways of thinking; that is, indeed, some of the essential part of myself; that part which was not mere moods, created by the matters and events round about me.
And though there was no second glance to disturb her, though his object seemed then to be only quietly agreeable, she could not get the better of her embarrassment, heightened as it was by the idea of his perceiving it, and had no composure till he turned away to some one else.
And thus, th forms of life throughout the universe become divided into group subordinate to groups.
And thus, th strange fact of an increase of fertility in the successive generations o ARTIFICIALLY FERTILISED hybrids, in contrast with those spontaneously self fertilised, may, as I believe, be accounted for by too close interbreedin having been avoided.
And thus, when the two sets becam commingled in the equatorial regions, during the alternations of th Glacial periods, the northern forms were the more powerful and were able t hold their places on the mountains, and afterwards migrate southward wit the southern forms; but not so the southern in regard to the norther forms.
And to behold him now, seeking small loans with plaintive condescension, sponging for breakfast on an art-student of nineteen, a fallen Don Juan who had neglected to die at the propitious hour, had a colour of romance for young imaginations.
And upon the whole, it would certainly have gone off wonderfully.
And we all three turned toward the door of the Guest House.
And we are led to thi conclusion, which has been arrived at by many naturalists under th designation of single centres of creation, by various genera considerations, more especially from the importance of barriers of al kinds, and from the analogical distribution of subgenera, genera, an families.
And we ca understand this fact; for in molluscs, even in the lowest members of th class, we do not find nearly so much indefinite repetition of any one par as we find in the other great classes of the animal and vegetable kingdoms.
And we can clearly understand these analogies, if species onc existed as varieties, and thus originated; whereas, these analogies ar utterly inexplicable if species are independent creations.
And we have evidence of aberran groups having suffered severely from extinction, for they are almost alway represented by extremely few species; and such species as do occur ar generally very distinct from each other, which again implies extinction.
And we have just seen that in several species of the horse genu the stripes are either plainer or appear more commonly in the young than i the old.
And we have now see that Mr. Croll's conclusion that successive Glacial periods in the on hemisphere coincide with warmer periods in the opposite hemisphere together with the admission of the slow modification of species, explains  multitude of facts in the distribution of the same and of the allied form of life in all parts of the globe.
And we have seen in the chapte on the Struggle for Existence that it is the most closely-allie forms, - varieties of the same species, and species of the same genus o related genera, - which, from having nearly the same structure, constitutio and habits, generally come into the severest competition with each other.
And we know that eac species and each variety of grass is annually sowing almost countles seeds; and is thus striving, as it may be said, to the utmost to increas in number.
And we see that this is the standard o perfection attained under nature.
And what an acquaintance has it been! How have I been deceived! Equally in brother and sister deceived! I thank you for your patience, Fanny.
And what do you say, ma'am, to the chance of another match? Mr. Rushworth has set a good example, and such things are very catching.
And when I have done with her I must go to her sister, Lady Stornaway, because she was rather my most particular friend of the two, but I have not cared much for her these three years.
And when a cross has been made, the closest selection is fa more indispensable even than in ordinary cases.
And when did you get anything to eat? And what would you like to have now? I could not tell whether you would be for some meat, or only a dish of tea, after your journey, or else I would have got something ready.
And when farther pressed, had added, that in her opinion their dispositions were so totally dissimilar as to make mutual affection incompatible; and that they were unfitted for each other by nature, education, and habit.
And when we got to the bottom of Sandcroft Hill, what do you think I did? You will laugh at me; but I got out and walked up.
And why it was not done already she could not devise, for Miss Crawford certainly wanted no delay.
And why, Dick? She is my daughter, of course; but then I am a man of the world and a man of taste, and perfectly qualified to give an opinion with impartiality - yes, Dick, with impartiality.
And why? Because my father had made a bigger ass of himself than I supposed.
And with regard to their influencing public manners, Miss Crawford must not misunderstand me, or suppose I mean to call them the arbiters of good-breeding, the regulators of refinement and courtesy, the masters of the ceremonies of life.
And with that he strode from the station, all in a glow of passion and virtue.
And without attempting any farther remonstrance, she left Fanny to her fate, a fate which, had not Fanny's heart been guarded in a way unsuspected by Miss Crawford, might have been a little harder than she deserved; for although there doubtless are such unconquerable young ladies of eighteen (or one should not read about them) as are never to be persuaded into love against their judgment by all that talent, manner, attention, and flattery can do, I have no inclination to believe Fanny one of them, or to think that with so much tenderness of disposition, and so much taste as belonged to her, she could have escaped heart-whole from the courtship (though the courtship only of a fortnight) of such a man as Crawford, in spite of there being some previous ill opinion of him to be overcome, had not her affection been engaged elsewhere.
And yet - once an artist always an artist.
And yet I believe I am as much cut up as you are.
And yet I do not think I am a very difficult mistress to please; and I am sure the place is easy enough, for there is always a girl under her, and I often do half the work myself.
And yet I should have dearly liked, I own, to have touched her lips; to have questioned her, that she might have opened them; to have looked upon the lashes of her downcast eyes, and never raised a blush; to have let loose waves of hair, an inch of which would be a keepsake beyond price: in short, I should have liked, I do confess, to have had the lightest licence of a child, and yet to have been man enough to know its value.
And yet he still waited, straining his ears, and with terror and sickness at his heart; for if Esther had followed her father, if she had even made one movement in this great conspiracy of men and nature to be still, Dick must have had instant knowledge of it from his station before the door; and if she had not moved, must she not have fainted? or might she not be dead He could hear the cottage clock deliberately measure out the seconds; time stood still with him; an almost superstitious terror took command of his faculties; at last, he could bear no more, and, springing through the little garden in two bounds, he put his face against the window.
And yet it was a most desirable match for Janet at the time.
And yet, that I must and would confess that, could I have restored her to what she had appeared to me before, I would infinitely prefer any increase of the pain of parting, for the sake of carrying with me the right of tenderness and esteem.
And you know there is generally an uncle or a grandfather to leave a fortune to the second son.
And you know you had Chapman to help you to dress.
And you may say, if you please, that I shall prepare my most plaintive airs against his return, in compassion to his feelings, as I know his horse will lose.
And you must be aware, Fanny, that it is every young woman's duty to accept such a very unexceptionable offer as this.
And you say I loved you; I loved my father's friend.
And you see this ferrying and giving people casts about the water is my business, which I would do for anybody; so to take gifts in connection with it would look very queer.
And you see, in this matter we need not grudge a few poorish buildings standing, because we can always build elsewhere; nor need we be anxious as to the breeding of pleasant work in such matters, for there is always room for more and more work in a new building, even without making it pretentious.
And, Fanny, though I hope I do justice to my sisters' good qualities, I think it very possible that they might, one or both, be more desirous of being admired by Crawford, and might shew that desire rather more unguardedly than was perfectly prudent.
And, and - we think very differently of the nature of women, if they can imagine a woman so very soon capable of returning an affection as this seems to imply.
And, as if to make the case a striking as possible, this cirripede was a Chthamalus, a very common large, and ubiquitous genus, of which not one species has as yet been foun even in any tertiary stratum.
And, in the meantime, Van Tromp ran on interminably.
And, oh, don't spoil the pleasure of your coming home to me; show me that you can be my father and yet not neglect your destiny.
And, on the other hand, the agree most closely in many important respects.
And, you know, I mustn't preach to you, but surely it wouldn't be right for you to take away people's pleasure of studying your attire, by just going and making yourself like everybody else.
Andrew Knight observed that hi bees, instead of laboriously collecting propolis, used a cement of wax an turpentine, with which he had covered decorticated trees.
Aneroid barometers, if often compared with good mercurial columns, are similar in their indications, and valuable; but it must be remembered that they are not independent instruments; that they are set originall by a barometer, require adjustment occasionally, and may deteriorate in time, though slowly.
Aneroids, metallic barometers, and oil sympiesometers, seem to be much more affected than mercurial barometers by electrical changes.
Angry as she was with Edmund for adhering to his own notions, and acting on them in defiance of her (and she had been so angry that they had hardly parted friends at the ball), she could not help thinking of him continually when absent, dwelling on his merit and affection, and longing again for the almost daily meetings they lately had.
Angry she was: bitterly angry; but she was more angry with Fanny for having received such an offer than for refusing it.
Animal kept by savages in different countries often have to struggle for their ow subsistence, and are exposed to a certain extent to natural selection, an individuals with slightly different constitutions would succeed best unde different climates.
Animals not far remote from ordinary forms, prepare th transition from light to darkness.
Annual and perennial plants, deciduous and evergreen trees plants inhabiting different stations and fitted for extremely differen climates, can often be crossed with ease.
Another blind genus (Anophthalmus) offers thi remarkable peculiarity, that the species, as Mr. Murray observes, have no as yet been found anywhere except in caves; yet those which inhabit th several caves of Europe and America are distinct; but it is possible tha the progenitors of these several species, while they were furnished wit eyes, may formerly have ranged over both continents, and then have becom extinct, excepting in their present secluded abodes.
Another burst of tears; but in spite of that burst, and in spite of that great black word miserable, which served to introduce it, Sir Thomas began to think a little relenting, a little change of inclination, might have something to do with it; and to augur favourably from the personal entreaty of the young man himself.
Another day my attention was struc by about a score of the slave-makers haunting the same spot, and evidentl not in search of food; they approached and were vigorously repulsed by a independent community of the slave species (F. fusca); sometimes as many a three of these ants clinging to the legs of the slave-making F. sanguinea.
Another deal proceeded, and Crawford began again about Thornton Lacey.
Another distinguished palaeontologist, M. Gaudry, ha shown in the most striking manner that many of the fossil mammal discovered by him in Attica serve to break down the intervals betwee existing genera.
Another distinguished zoologist, the late Professor Claparede, has argue in the same manner, and has arrived at the same result.
Another familiar instance is that of the fly which walks on the ceiling with feet that stick.
Another general rule requires attention; which is, that the wind usuall veers, shifts, or goes round, with the sun, (right-handed in northern places, left-handed in the southern parts of the world,) and that, when it does not do so, or backs, more wind or bad weather may be expected instead of improvement.
Another idol has displaced me; and if it can cheer and comfort you in time to come, as I would have tried to do, I have no just cause to grieve.
Another interesting relation exists, namely, between the depth of the se separating islands from each other, or from the nearest continent, and th degree of affinity of their mammalian inhabitants.
Another laugh.
Another moment and Fanny was in the narrow entrance-passage of the house, and in her mother's arms, who met her there with looks of true kindness, and with features which Fanny loved the more, because they brought her aunt Bertram's before her, and there were her two sisters: Susan, a well-grown fine girl of fourteen, and Betsey, the youngest of the family, about five - both glad to see her in their way, though with no advantage of manner in receiving her.
Another quarter of an hour brought her a great deal more.
Another short fit of abstraction followed, when, shaking it off, she thus attacked her companion.
Another species of Lobelia, whic is visited by bees, seeds freely in my garden.
Another species, Formica sanguinea, was likewise first discovered by P. Huber to be a slave-making ant.
Another summer will hardly improve it to me.
Another week, only one other week, would have been enough for us.
Ants, however, work by inherited instincts and by inherite organs or tools, while man works by acquired knowledge and manufacture instruments.
Anxious not to appear unhappy, she soon recovered herself; and wiping away her tears, was able to notice and admire all the striking parts of his dress; listening with reviving spirits to his cheerful hopes of being on shore some part of every day before they sailed, and even of getting her to Spithead to see the sloop.
Any Cratchit would have blushed to hint at such a thing.
Any change in structure and function, which can be effected by smal stages, is within the power of natural selection; so that an orga rendered, through changed habits of life, useless or injurious for on purpose, might be modified and used for another purpose.
Any number of instances could b given of the varying importance for classification of the same importan organ within the same group of beings.
Any on whose disposition leads him to attach more weight to unexplaine difficulties than to the explanation of a certain number of facts wil certainly reject the theory.
Any one may of course, deny that the teeth in either case have been adapted for tearin flesh, through the natural selection of successive variations; but if thi be admitted in the one case, it is unintelligible to me that it should b denied in the other.
Any one may readily convinc himself of the efficiency of insect agency by examining the flowers of th more sterile kinds of hybrid Rhododendrons, which produce no pollen, for h will find on their stigmas plenty of pollen brought from other flowers.
Any room in this house might suffice.
Any tendency to modification will also have been checked by intercrossin with the unmodified immigrants, often arriving from the mother-country.
Any variation which is not inherited is unimportant for us.
Anybody but myself would have made something more of it, and anybody but you would resent that you had not been thought very pretty before; but the truth is, that your uncle never did admire you till now - and now he does.
Anyhow, he kept on pressing us to stay over and over again, till at last we did not get away till the cool of the evening.
Anyhow, it was there, and they soon got leaders far more than equal to the best men amongst the reactionaries.
Anything but that, my dear Tom.
Anything might be bearable rather than such reproaches.
Apart from his colonial career, he had been to Greece in a brigantine with four brass carronades; he had travelled Europe in a chaise and four, drawing bridle at the palace-doors of German princes; queens of song and dance had followed him like sheep and paid his tailor's bills.
Apart from the other pleasures of it, it gives them a little rough work, which I am sorry to say is getting somewhat scarce for these last fifty years.
Apart from this, which made him an exacting companion, he was one of the most upright, hot-tempered, hot-headed old gentlemen in England.
Are the Committee to understand that you are of opinion that every ship ought to have a barometer on board?
Are these the shadows of the things that will be, or are they shadows of things that may be, only? Still the Ghost pointed downward to the grave by which it stood.
Arrangements were then made, in accordance with the views of the Royal Society and the British Association for the Advancement of Science, for the supply of instruments properly tested.
As Bronn gives the length of the ears and tail in th several species of mice as instances, though trifling ones, of difference in structure which can be of no special use, I may mention that, accordin to Dr. Schobl, the external ears of the common mouse are supplied in a extraordinary manner with nerves, so that they no doubt serve as tactil organs; hence the length of the ears can hardly be quite unimportant.
As Fanny could not doubt that her answer was conveying a real disappointment, she was rather in expectation, from her knowledge of Miss Crawford's temper, of being urged again; and though no second letter arrived for the space of a week, she had still the same feeling when it did come.
As Fries has well remarked, little groups o species are generally clustered like satellites around other species.
As Gartner found that there was sometimes an innate difference in differen INDIVIDUALS of the same two species in crossing; so Sagaret believes thi to be the case with different individuals of the same two species in bein grafted together.
As I am now, I have no influence, I can do nothing: I have offended them, and they will not hear me; but when I have put them in good-humour by this concession, I am not without hopes of persuading them to confine the representation within a much smaller circle than they are now in the high road for.
As I couldn't explain why, I held my tongue.
As I eyed the pile of clothes, I could see the gleam of gold and silk embroidery on it, and judged that some of these workmen had tastes akin to those of the Golden Dustman of Hammersmith.
As I have little doubt of your feeling for us, my dear Fanny, under these distressing circumstances, I will write again very soon.
As I passed him he touched his hat with some real goodwill and courtesy, and much servility.
As I spoke, I heard footsteps near the door; the latch yielded, and in came our two lovers, looking so handsome that one had no feeling of shame in looking on at their little-concealed love-making; for indeed it seemed as if all the world must be in love with them.
As I stood there Ellen detached herself from our happy friends who still stood on the little strand and came up to me.
As I told this lie from pure politeness, in came the lad again, with a tray in his hands, on which I saw a long flask and two beautiful glasses.
As I told you, the rank and file of the army was not to be trusted by the reactionists; but the officers generally were prepared for anything, for they were mostly the very stupidest men in the country.
As I was putting the first mouthfuls into my mouth my eye caught a carved and gilded inscription on the panelling, behind what we should have called the High Table in an Oxford college hall, and a familiar name in it forced me to read it through.
As Lyell has wel remarked, the extent and thickness of our sedimentary formations are th result and the measure of the denudation which the earth's crust ha elsewhere undergone.
As Mr. Rushworth did not come, the injury was increased, and she had not even the relief of shewing her power over him; she could only be sullen to her mother, aunt, and cousin, and throw as great a gloom as possible over their dinner and dessert.
As Mr. Rushworth is to act too, there can be no harm.
As Professor Owen has remarked, ther is no greater anomaly in nature than a bird that cannot fly; yet there ar several in this state.
As Richard came in, he opened and shut his mouth like a codfish, and his eyes protruded.
As Scrooge looked fixedly at this phenomenon, it was a knocker again.
As a blind species of Bathyscia is found in abundanc on shady rocks far from caves, the loss of vision in the cave species o this one genus has probably had no relation to its dark habitation; for i is natural that an insect already deprived of vision should readily becom adapted to dark caverns.
As a daughter, he hoped a penitent one, she should be protected by him, and secured in every comfort, and supported by every encouragement to do right, which their relative situations admitted; but farther than that he could not go.
As a general reflection on Fanny, Sir Thomas thought nothing could be more unjust, though he had been so lately expressing the same sentiments himself, and he tried to turn the conversation: tried repeatedly before he could succeed; for Mrs. Norris had not discernment enough to perceive, either now, or at any other time, to what degree he thought well of his niece, or how very far he was from wishing to have his own children's merits set off by the depreciation of hers.
As a record of a former state of things, I have retained in the foregoin paragraphs, and elsewhere, several sentences which imply that naturalist believe in the separate creation of each species; and I have been muc censured for having thus expressed myself.
As a rule, the immediate outcome shows which opinion on a given subject is the right one; it is a matter of fact, not of speculation.
As a rule, they don't do much reading, except for a few story-books, till they are about fifteen years old; we don't encourage early bookishness: though you will find some children who will take to books very early; which perhaps is not good for them; but it's no use thwarting them; and very often it doesn't last long with them, and they find their level before they are twenty years old.
As a single bu out of many thousands produced year after year on the same tree unde uniform conditions, has been known suddenly to assume a new character; an as buds on distinct trees, growing under different conditions, hav sometimes yielded nearly the same variety - for instance, buds on peach trees producing nectarines, and buds on common roses producing moss-roses - we clearly see that the nature of the conditions is of subordinat importance in comparison with the nature of the organism in determinin each particular form of variation; perhaps of not more importance than th nature of the spark, by which a mass of combustible matter is ignited, ha in determining the nature of the flames.
As a sister, so partial and so angry, and so little scrupulous of what she said, and in another light so triumphant and secure, she was in every way an object of painful alarm.
As a vast number o species, belonging to widely distinct groups, are endowed with this kind o sensitiveness, it ought to be found in a nascent condition in many plant which have not become climbers.
As according to the theory of natural selection an interminable number o intermediate forms must have existed, linking together all the species i each group by gradations as fine as our existing varieties, it may b asked, Why do we not see these linking forms all around us?  Why are no all organic beings blended together in an inextricable chaos?  With respec to existing forms, we should remember that we have no right to expec (excepting in rare cases) to discover DIRECTLY connecting links betwee them, but only between each and some extinct and supplanted form.
As all the modified descendants from a common and widely-diffused species belonging to a large genus, will tend to partake of the same advantage which made their parent successful in life, they will generally go o multiplying in number as well as diverging in character:  this i represented in the diagram by the several divergent branches proceedin from (A).
As all the organic beings, extinct and recent, which have ever lived, ca be arranged within a few great classes; and as all within each class have according to our theory, been connected together by fine gradations, th best, and, if our collections were nearly perfect, the only possibl arrangement, would be genealogical; descent being the hidden bond o connexion which naturalists have been seeking under the term of the Natura System.
As all the species of the same genus are supposed to be descended from  common progenitor, it might be expected that they would occasionally var in an analogous manner; so that the varieties of two or more species woul resemble each other, or that a variety of one species would resemble i certain characters another and distinct species, this other species being according to our view, only a well-marked and permanent variety.
As all these mark are characteristic of the parent rock-pigeon, I presume that no one wil doubt that this is a case of reversion, and not of a new yet analogou variation appearing in the several breeds.
As allied or representative species, when inhabiting a continuous area, ar generally distributed in such a manner that each has a wide range, with  comparatively narrow neutral territory between them, in which they becom rather suddenly rarer and rarer; then, as varieties do not essentiall differ from species, the same rule will probably apply to both; and if w take a varying species inhabiting a very large area, we shall have to adap two varieties to two large areas, and a third variety to a narro intermediate zone.
As an example, I have attempted to show how potent has been th influence of the Glacial period on the distribution of the same and o allied species throughout the world.
As animated, as diversified, as social, but with circumstances of superiority undescribable.
As buds give rise b growth to fresh buds, and these, if vigorous, branch out and overtop on al sides many a feebler branch, so by generation I believe it has been wit the great Tree of Life, which fills with its dead and broken branches th crust of the earth, and covers the surface with its ever-branching an beautiful ramifications.
As children, their sister had been always very fond of them; but, as her own marriage had been soon followed by the death of their common parent, which left them to the care of a brother of their father, of whom Mrs. Grant knew nothing, she had scarcely seen them since.
As descent has universally been used in classing together the individual of the same species, though the males and females and larvae are sometime extremely different; and as it has been used in classing varieties whic have undergone a certain, and sometimes a considerable amount o modification, may not this same element of descent have been unconsciousl used in grouping species under genera, and genera under higher groups, al under the so-called natural system?  I believe it has been unconsciousl used; and thus only can I understand the several rules and guides whic have been followed by our best systematists.
As during these months, the slaves are very few in number, I thought that the might behave differently when more numerous; but Mr. Smith informs me tha he has watched the nests at various hours during May, June and August, bot in Surrey and Hampshire, and has never seen the slaves, though present i large numbers in August, either leave or enter the nest.
As each species tends by its geometrical rate of reproduction to increas inordinately in number; and as the modified descendants of each specie will be enabled to increase by as much as they become more diversified i habits and structure, so as to be able to seize on many and widel different places in the economy of nature, there will be a constan tendency in natural selection to preserve the most divergent offspring o any one species.
As exemplifying the effects of climatical changes on distribution, I hav attempted to show how important a part the last Glacial period has played which affected even the equatorial regions, and which, during th alternations of the cold in the north and the south, allowed th productions of opposite hemispheres to mingle, and left some of the stranded on the mountain-summits in all parts of the world.
As far as I am able to judge, after long attending to the subject, th conditions of life appear to act in two ways - directly on the whol organisation or on certain parts alone and in directly by affecting th reproductive system.
As far as instinct alon is concerned, the wonderful difference in this respect between the worker and the perfect females would have been better exemplified by the hive-bee.
As far as mere inorganic condition are concerned, it seems probable that a sufficient number of species woul soon become adapted to all considerable diversities of heat, moisture etc.; but I fully admit that the mutual relations of organic beings ar more important; and as the number of species in any country goes o increasing, the organic conditions of life must become more and mor complex.
As far as she could judge, Mr. Crawford was considerably the best actor of all: he had more confidence than Edmund, more judgment than Tom, more talent and taste than Mr. Yates.
As far as the mere enunciation of th principle of natural selection is concerned, it is quite immaterial whethe or not Professor Owen preceded me, for both of us, as shown in thi historical sketch, were long ago preceded by Dr. Wells and Mr. Matthews.
As far as the passing hour went, perhaps they were right in this.
As far as walking, talking, and contriving reached, she was thoroughly benevolent, and nobody knew better how to dictate liberality to others; but her love of money was equal to her love of directing, and she knew quite as well how to save her own as to spend that of her friends.
As for Dick, it seemed to him as if his life had come abruptly to an end.
As for any society in Portsmouth, that could at all make amends for deficiencies at home, there were none within the circle of her father's and mother's acquaintance to afford her the smallest satisfaction: she saw nobody in whose favour she could wish to overcome her own shyness and reserve.
As for his killing himself, you need not be afraid of that; for, from all you tell me, he is really very much in love with the woman; and to speak plainly, until his love is satisfied, he will not only stick to life as tightly as he can, but will also make the most of every event of his life - will, so to say, hug himself up in it; and I think that this is the real explanation of his taking the whole matter with such an excess of tragedy.
As for me I felt young again, and strange hopes of my youth were mingling with the pleasure of the present; almost destroying it, and quickening it into something like pain.
As for me, I was now looking at him harder than good manners allowed of; perhaps; for in truth his face, dried-apple-like as it was, seemed strangely familiar to me; as if I had seen it before - in a looking-glass it might be, said I to myself.
As for old Hammond, he looked on them like an artist who has just painted a picture nearly as well as he thought he could when he began it, and was perfectly happy.
As for sounds, the silence was unbroken save by the chant of the telegraph wires and the crying of the plovers on the waste.
As for the Committee of Public Safety, whatever they thought of their position, they had now gone too far to draw back; and many of them, it seems, thought that the government would not act.
As for the ball, so near at hand, she had too many agitations and fears to have half the enjoyment in anticipation which she ought to have had, or must have been supposed to have by the many young ladies looking forward to the same event in situations more at ease, but under circumstances of less novelty, less interest, less peculiar gratification, than would be attributed to her.
As for the main subject of the letter, there was nothing in that to soothe irritation.
As for the strange things, the reader will be relieved to hear that they were no stranger than might have been expected, and he may find things quite as strange without the expense of a Van Tromp for guide.
As for you, Esther, you take after your mother; you have a morbid sense of duty, particularly for others; strive against it, my dear - strive against it.
As frequent inflammation of the eyes must be injurious to an animal, and as eyes are certainly not necessary to animals havin subterranean habits, a reduction in their size, with the adhesion of th eyelids and growth of fur over them, might in such case be an advantage and if so, natural selection would aid the effects of disuse.
As geology plainly proclaims that each land has undergone great physica changes, we might have expected to find that organic beings have varie under nature, in the same way as they have varied under domestication.
As has always been my practice, I have sought light on this head from ou domestic productions.
As he came up smiling towards us, I saw with pleasure that I must give up the Colney Hatch theory as to the waterman, for no two madmen ever behaved as they did before a sane man.
As he cannot be influenced by those feelings which you rank highly as temptation and reward to the soldier and sailor in their choice of a profession, as heroism, and noise, and fashion, are all against him, he ought to be less liable to the suspicion of wanting sincerity or good intentions in the choice of his.
As he extends th range of his observations he will meet with more cases of difficulty; fo he will encounter a greater number of closely-allied forms.
As he got there the day began to dawn, and he leaned over a hurdle and beheld the shadows flee away.
As he has done so well by Smith, I think I had better have him at once.
As he left the room, two rosy-faced boys, ragged and dirty, about eight and nine years old, rushed into it just released from school, and coming eagerly to see their sister, and tell that the Thrush was gone out of harbour; Tom and Charles.
As he said this, each looked towards their mother.
As he sat in that vapour-bath of hurried and discontented humanity, a carriage of the underground railway, he, like others, stewed discontentedly, while in self-reproachful mood he turned over the many excellent and conclusive arguments which, though they lay at his fingers' ends, he had forgotten in the just past discussion.
As he spoke, we came suddenly out of the woodland into a short street of handsomely built houses, which my companion named to me at once as Piccadilly: the lower part of these I should have called shops, if it had not been that, as far as I could see, the people were ignorant of the arts of buying and selling.
As he stood there, waiting his arrival, the knocker caught his eye.
As he threw his head back in the chair, his glance happened to rest upon a bell, a disused bell, that hung in the room, and communicated for some purpose now forgotten with a chamber in the highest story of the building.
As her appearance and spirits improved, Sir Thomas and Mrs. Norris thought with greater satisfaction of their benevolent plan; and it was pretty soon decided between them that, though far from clever, she showed a tractable disposition, and seemed likely to give them little trouble.
As icebergs are known to be sometimes loaded with earth and stones, an have even carried brushwood, bones, and the nest of a land-bird, it ca hardly be doubted that they must occasionally, as suggested by Lyell, hav transported seeds from one part to another of the arctic and antarcti regions; and during the Glacial period from one part of the now temperat regions to another.
As in each fully stocked country natural selection necessarily act by the selected form having some advantage in the struggle for life ove other forms, there will be a constant tendency in the improved descendant of any one species to supplant and exterminate in each stage of descen their predecessors and their original progenitor.
As in hybridisation, so wit grafting, the capacity is limited by systematic affinity, for no one ha been able to graft together trees belonging to quite distinct families and, on the other hand, closely allied species and varieties of the sam species, can usually, but not invariably, be grafted with ease.
As in many widely separated families of plants, single species an single genera possess the power of revolving, and have thus become twiners they must have independently acquired it, and cannot have inherited it fro a common progenitor.
As in most groups of animals, important organs, such as those fo propelling the blood, or for aerating it, or those for propagating th race, are found nearly uniform, they are considered as highly serviceabl in classification; but in some groups all these, the most important vita organs, are found to offer characters of quite subordinate value.
As in reciprocal crosses, the facility of effecting a union is often very far from equal, so it sometimes is in grafting.
As in repeating a well-known song, so in instincts, on action follows another by a sort of rhythm; if a person be interrupted in  song, or in repeating anything by rote, he is generally forced to go bac to recover the habitual train of thought:  so P. Huber found it was with  caterpillar, which makes a very complicated hammock; for if he took  caterpillar which had completed its hammock up to, say, the sixth stage o construction, and put it into a hammock completed up only to the thir stage, the caterpillar simply re-performed the fourth, fifth, and sixt stages of construction.
As in the case o flowers, I have as yet failed, after consultation with one of the highes authorities, namely, Professor Huxley, to discover a single hermaphrodit animal with the organs of reproduction so perfectly enclosed that acces from without, and the occasional influence of a distinct individual, can b shown to be physically impossible.
As in the cells of the hive-bee, s here, the three plane surfaces in any one cell necessarily enter into th construction of three adjoining cells.
As it cleared the arch, a figure as bright and gay-clad as the boat rose up in it; a slim girl dressed in light blue silk that fluttered in the draughty wind of the bridge.
As it is difficult to imagine that eyes, thoug useless, could be in any way injurious to animals living in darkness, thei loss may be attributed to disuse.
As it is difficult to show th blood-relationship between the numerous kindred of any ancient and nobl family, even by the aid of a genealogical tree, and almost impossible to d so without this aid, we can understand the extraordinary difficulty whic naturalists have experienced in describing, without the aid of a diagram the various affinities which they perceive between the many living an extinct members of the same great natural class.
As it is extremel common for distinct species belonging to the same genus to inhabit hot an cold countries, if it be true that all the species of the same genus ar descended from a single parent-form, acclimatisation must be readil effected during a long course of descent.
As it seemed, this pleasure-loving people were fond of tent-life, with all its inconveniences, which, indeed, they turned into pleasure also.
As it was, however, she only hazarded a hint, and the hint was lost.
As it was, through a series of acts and words of which we know but few, and a series of thoughts which any one may imagine for himself, she was awakened in four days from the dream of a life.
As lakes and river-systems are separated from each other by barriers o land, it might have been thought that fresh-water productions would no have ranged widely within the same country, and as the sea is apparently  still more formidable barrier, that they would never have extended t distant countries.
As long a the case remained unique no answer could be given.
As long as the condition of life remain the same, we have reason to believe that a modification which has already been inherited for many generations, may continue to b inherited for an almost infinite number of generations.
As man can produce a grea result with his domestic animals and plants by adding up in any give direction individual differences, so could natural selection, but far mor easily from having incomparably longer time for action.
As man can produce, and certainly has produced, a great result by hi methodical and unconscious means of selection, what may not natura selection effect?  Man can act only on external and visible characters: Nature, if I may be allowed to personify the natural preservation o survival of the fittest, cares nothing for appearances, except in so far a they are useful to any being.
As many creatures, besides birds, are affected by the approach of rain of wind, such indications should not be slighted by the observer of weather.
As many more individuals of each species are born than can possibl survive; and as, consequently, there is a frequently recurring struggle fo existence, it follows that any being, if it vary however slightly in an manner profitable to itself, under the complex and sometimes varyin conditions of life, will have a better chance of surviving, and thus b NATURALLY SELECTED. From the strong principle of inheritance, any selecte variety will tend to propagate its new and modified form.
As modifications of corporeal structure arise from, an are increased by, use or habit, and are diminished or lost by disuse, so  do not doubt it has been with instincts.
As natural selection acts by competition, it adapts and improves th inhabitants of each country only in relation to their co-inhabitants; s that we need feel no surprise at the species of any one country, althoug on the ordinary view supposed to have been created and specially adapte for that country, being beaten and supplanted by the naturalise productions from another land.
As natural selection acts by life and death, by the survival of th fittest, and by the destruction of the less well-fitted individuals, I hav sometimes felt great difficulty in understanding the origin or formation o parts of little importance; almost as great, though of a very differen kind, as in the case of the most perfect and complex organs.
As natural selection acts only by the accumulation of slight modification of structure or instinct, each profitable to the individual under it conditions of life, it may reasonably be asked, how a long and graduate succession of modified architectural instincts, all tending towards th present perfect plan of construction, could have profited the progenitor of the hive-bee?  I think the answer is not difficult:  cells constructe like those of the bee or the wasp gain in strength, and save much in labou and space, and in the materials of which they are constructed.
As natural selection acts solely by accumulating slight, successive favourable variations, it can produce no great or sudden modifications; i can act only by short and slow steps.
As natural selection acts solely by the preservation of profitabl modifications, each new form will tend in a fully-stocked country to tak the place of, and finally to exterminate, its own less improved parent-for and other less-favoured forms with which it comes into competition.
As no scandalous, ill-natured rumour had reached her, it was impossible for her to understand much of this strange letter.
As nothing was really left for the decision of Mrs. Price, or the good offices of Rebecca, everything was rationally and duly accomplished, and the girls were ready for the morrow.
As on the land, so in the waters of the sea, a slow southern migration of  marine fauna, which, during the Pliocene or even a somewhat earlier period was nearly uniform along the continuous shores of the Polar Circle, wil account, on the theory of modification, for many closely allied forms no living in marine areas completely sundered.
As on the other hand, therefore, we have ceased to be commercial in our love-matters, so also we have ceased to be artificially foolish.
As organs in this condition would formerly, when stil less developed, have been of even less use than at present, they canno formerly have been produced through variation and natural selection, whic acts solely by the preservation of useful modifications.
As several of the reasons which hav led me to this belief are in some degree applicable in other cases, I wil here briefly give them.
As she entered, her own name caught her ear.
As she leant on the sofa, to which she had retreated that she might not be seen, the pain of her mind had been much beyond that in her head; and the sudden change which Edmund's kindness had then occasioned, made her hardly know how to support herself.
As she now sat looking at Betsey, she could not but think particularly of another sister, a very pretty little girl, whom she had left there not much younger when she went into Northamptonshire, who had died a few years afterwards.
As she opened, and saw its length, she prepared herself for a minute detail of happiness and a profusion of love and praise towards the fortunate creature who was now mistress of his fate.
As she walked slowly upstairs she thought of yesterday; it had been about the same hour that she had returned from the Parsonage, and found Edmund in the East room.
As showing ho diversified are the means of occasional transport, I have discussed at som little length the means of dispersal of fresh-water productions.
As showing how few the higher groups are in number, and ho widely they are spread throughout the world, the fact is striking that th discovery of Australia has not added an insect belonging to a new class and that in the vegetable kingdom, as I learn from Dr. Hooker, it has adde only two or three families of small size.
As som rude resemblance is necessary for the first start, we can understand how i is that the larger and higher animals do not (with the exception, as far a I know, of one fish) resemble for the sake of protection special objects but only the surface which commonly surrounds them, and this chiefly i colour.
As some degree of variation in instincts under a state of nature, and th inheritance of such variations, are indispensable for the action of natura selection, as many instances as possible ought to be given; but want o space prevents me.
As some few of the old and intermediate forms havin transmitted to the present day descendants but little modified, thes constitute our so-called osculant or aberrant groups.
As some few of the old inhabitant become modified the mutual relations of others will often be disturbed; an this will create new places, ready to be filled up by better adapted forms but all this will take place very slowly.
As soon a the three Orchidean forms, Monachanthus, Myanthus, and Catasetum, which ha previously been ranked as three distinct genera, were known to be sometime produced on the same plant, they were immediately considered as varieties and now I have been able to show that they are the male, female, an hermaphrodite forms of the same species.
As soon as I could speak, I replied that I had not supposed it possible, coming in such a state of mind into that house as I had done, that anything could occur to make me suffer more, but that she had been inflicting deeper wounds in almost every sentence.
As soon as her eagerness could rest in silence, he was as happy to tell as she could be to listen; and a conversation followed almost as deeply interesting to her as to himself, though he had in fact nothing to relate but his own sensations, nothing to dwell on but Fanny's charms.
As soon as she met with Edmund she told him her distress.
As soon as the female bee deposits her eggs on the surface of th honey stored in the cells, the larvae of the Sitaris leap on the eggs an devour them.
As soon as the lower part of a ste strikes against any object and is stopped, the upper part still goes o bending and revolving, and thus necessarily twines round and up th support.
As soon as the points of value are once acknowledged, th principle, as I have called it, of unconscious selection will alway tend - perhaps more at one period than at another, as the breed rises o falls in fashion - perhaps more in one district than in another, accordin to the state of civilisation of the inhabitants - slowly to add to th characteristic features of the breed, whatever they may be.
As soon, however, as gardeners picke out individual plants with slightly larger, earlier, or better fruit, an raised seedlings from them, and again picked out the best seedlings an bred from them, then (with some aid by crossing distinct species) thos many admirable varieties of the strawberry were raised which have appeare during the last half-century.
As species are produced and exterminated by slowly acting and stil existing causes, and not by miraculous acts of creation; and as the mos important of all causes of organic change is one which is almos independent of altered and perhaps suddenly altered physical conditions namely, the mutual relation of organism to organism - the improvement of on organism entailing the improvement or the extermination of others; i follows, that the amount of organic change in the fossils of consecutiv formations probably serves as a fair measure of the relative, though no actual lapse of time.
As species belonging to distinct classes have often been adapted b successive slight modifications to live under nearly similar circumstance  - to inhabit, for instance, the three elements of land, air and water - w can perhaps understand how it is that a numerical parallelism has sometime been observed between the subgroups of distinct classes.
As species have generally diverged in character during their lon course of descent and modification, we can understand why it is that th more ancient forms, or early progenitors of each group, so often occupy  position in some degree intermediate between existing groups.
As th amount of modification which animals of all kinds undergo partly depends o the lapse of time, and as the islands which are separated from each other or from the mainland, by shallow channels, are more likely to have bee continuously united within a recent period than the islands separated b deeper channels, we can understand how it is that a relation exists betwee the depth of the sea separating two mammalian faunas, and the degree o their affinity, a relation which is quite inexplicable on the theory o independent acts of creation.
As the accumulation of each formation ha often been interrupted, and as long blank intervals have intervened betwee successive formations, we ought not to expect to find, as I attempted t show in the last chapter, in any one or in any two formations, all th intermediate varieties between the species which appeared at th commencement and close of these periods:  but we ought to find afte intervals, very long as measured by years, but only moderately long a measured geologically, closely allied forms, or, as they have been calle by some authors, representative species; and these assuredly we do find.
As the arctic forms moved first southward and afterwards backward to th north, in unison with the changing climate, they will not have been expose during their long migrations to any great diversity of temperature; and a they all migrated in a body together, their mutual relations will not hav been much disturbed.
As the capacity o one plant to be grafted or budded on another is unimportant for thei welfare in a state of nature, I presume that no one will suppose that thi capacity is a SPECIALLY endowed quality, but will admit that it i incidental on differences in the laws of growth of the two plants.
As the chelae of Crustaceans resemble in some degree the avicularia o Polyzoa, both serving as pincers, it may be worth while to show that wit the former a long series of serviceable gradations still exists.
As the child beheld his brother's angel in her arms, he cried, 'O, sister, I am here! Take me!' And she turned and smiled upon him, and the star was shining.
As the cold became more and more intense, we kno that Arctic forms invaded the temperate regions; and from the facts jus given, there can hardly be a doubt that some of the more vigorous, dominan and widest-spreading temperate forms invaded the equatorial lowlands.
As the cold came on, and as each more southern zone became fitted for th inhabitants of the north, these would take the places of the forme inhabitants of the temperate regions.
As the degree of sterility in th latter case depends in an eminent degree on the conditions of life bein more or less favourable, so I have found it with illegitimate unions.
As the differences became greater the inferior animals with intermediate characters, being neither very swif nor very strong, would not have been used for breeding, and will thus hav tended to disappear.
As the differences depend o the insects having long fed on distinct plants, it cannot be expected tha intermediate links connecting the several forms should now be found.
As the embryo often shows u more or less plainly the structure of the less modified and ancien progenitor of the group, we can see why ancient and extinct forms so ofte resemble in their adult state the embryos of existing species of the sam class.
As the horse continued in name, as well as fact, the property of Edmund, Mrs. Norris could tolerate its being for Fanny's use; and had Lady Bertram ever thought about her own objection again, he might have been excused in her eyes for not waiting till Sir Thomas's return in September, for when September came Sir Thomas was still abroad, and without any near prospect of finishing his business.
As the hours passed, and generation succeeded to generation, faith was perceived to have been shaken.
As the individuals of the sam species come in all respects into the closest competition with each other the struggle will generally be most severe between them; it will be almos equally severe between the varieties of the same species, and next i severity between the species of the same genus.
As the instrument is delicate, great care should be taken, in carrying or handling, to keep the top always upwards, and to exclude casual ray of the sun, or a fire, or lamp.
As the larger ground-feeding birds seldom take fligh except to escape danger, it is probable that the nearly wingless conditio of several birds, now inhabiting or which lately inhabited several oceani islands, tenanted by no beasts of prey, has been caused by disuse.
As the last stroke ceased to vibrate, he remembered the prediction of old Jacob Marley, and lifting up his eyes, beheld a solemn Phantom, draped and hooded, coming, like a mist along the ground, towards him.
As the late Edward Forbes often insisted, there is a striking parallelis in the laws of life throughout time and space; the laws governing th succession of forms in past times being nearly the same with thos governing at the present time the differences in different areas.
As the mercurial column rises with increase of pressure by the atmosphere, and descends when the pressure diminishes, it indicates  greater or less accumulation of air, which, like other fluid, such as water (when heaped above its average level or reduced below it, from whatever cause), will have a tendency to fall or rise till the general equilibrium is restored.
As the mistletoe i disseminated by birds, its existence depends on them; and it ma metaphorically be said to struggle with other fruit-bearing plants, i tempting the birds to devour and thus disseminate its seeds.
As the modified descendants of dominant species, belonging to the large genera, tend to inherit the advantages which made the groups to which the belong large and their parents dominant, they are almost sure to sprea widely, and to seize on more and more places in the economy of nature.
As the moment approached, every telescope in the bottle was directed on the eastern window or the clock; and after the event had taken place, and while the calculations were being prepared, crowds waited at the doors of astronomers, some in prayer, some irreverently betting on the result.
As the motion of the ship at sea causes the mercury to pass more rapidly through the contracted tube the readings are almost the same there as they would be if the tube were not contracted, and in no case do they differ enough to be of importance in maritime use.
As the plants and animal migrated southward, they will have become mingled in the one great regio with the native American productions, and would have had to compete wit them; and in the other great region, with those of the Old World.
As the species of the same genus usually have, though by no mean invariably, much similarity in habits and constitution, and always i structure, the struggle will generally be more severe between them, if the come into competition with each other, than between the species of distinc genera.
As the subject is somewhat complex,  must request the reader to turn to the diagram in the fourth chapter.
As the tide leaves its drif in horizontal lines, rising higher on the shores where the tide rise highest, so have the living waters left their living drift on our mountai summits, in a line gently rising from the Arctic lowlands to a grea latitude under the equator.
As the two beautiful young faces bent over the rudder, they seemed to me to be very close together, and though it only lasted a moment, a sort of pang shot through me as I looked on.
As the variability of each species i an independent property, and will be taken advantage of by natura selection, only so far as it profits each individual in its comple struggle for life, so the amount of modification in different species wil be no uniform quantity.
As the warmth returned, the arctic forms would retreat northward, closel followed up in their retreat by the productions of the more temperat regions.
As the wind had set fo several days from the female to the male tree, the pollen could not thu have been carried.
As thes points of affinity are believed to be real and not merely adaptive, the must be due in accordance with our view to inheritance from a commo progenitor.
As these are formed, the species of the less vigorous groups, fro their inferiority inherited from a common progenitor, tend to becom extinct together, and to leave no modified offspring on the face of th earth.
As these were the best of her hopes, they could not always prevail; and in the course of a long morning, spent principally with her two aunts, she was often under the influence of much less sanguine views.
As they sat grouped about their spoil, in the scanty light afforded by the old man's lamp, he viewed them with a detestation and disgust, which could hardly have been greater, though they had been obscene demons, marketing the corpse itself.
As they went down into the valley of the Thyme, the babble of the stream rose into the air like a perennial laughter.
As they were the first of the sex I had seen on this eventful morning, I naturally looked at them very attentively, and found them at least as good as the gardens, the architecture, and the male men.
As this Helix has a thick calcareous operculum  removed it, and when it had formed a new membranous one, I again immerse it for fourteen days in sea-water, and again it recovered and crawled away.
As this whole volume is one long argument, it may be convenient to th reader to have the leading facts and inferences briefly recapitulated.
As to 'the rebels,' I have told you that the outbreak of actual war made them careless of trying to save the wretched scraps of wealth that they had.
As to Dick, it was quite right to let him pull, for he was as strong as a horse, and had the greatest delight in bodily exercise, whatever it was.
As to Edmund, we must learn to do without him.
As to Mr. Crawford, she hoped it might give him a knowledge of his own disposition, convince him that he was not capable of being steadily attached to any one woman in the world, and shame him from persisting any longer in addressing herself.
As to anxiety for any alarm that her absence in such weather might occasion at home, she had nothing to suffer on that score; for as her being out was known only to her two aunts, she was perfectly aware that none would be felt, and that in whatever cottage aunt Norris might chuse to establish her during the rain, her being in such cottage would be indubitable to aunt Bertram.
As to her cousins' gaieties, she loved to hear an account of them, especially of the balls, and whom Edmund had danced with; but thought too lowly of her own situation to imagine she should ever be admitted to the same, and listened, therefore, without an idea of any nearer concern in them.
As to her, she was worthy to be his partner in every sense of the term.
As to his ever making anything tolerable of them, nobody had the smallest idea of that except his mother; she, indeed, regretted that his part was not more considerable, and deferred coming over to Mansfield till they were forward enough in their rehearsal to comprehend all his scenes; but the others aspired at nothing beyond his remembering the catchword, and the first line of his speech, and being able to follow the prompter through the rest.
As to measuring her waist in sport, as they did, bold young brood, I couldn't have done it; I should have expected my arm to have grown round it for a punishment, and never come straight again.
As to our dinner, we are going to have our feast in the church.
As to the crafts, throwing the clay must be jolly work: the glass-blowing is rather a sweltering job; but some folk like it very much indeed; and I don't much wonder: there is such a sense of power, when you have got deft in it, in dealing with the hot metal.
As to the land being a garden, I have heard that they used to have shrubberies and rockeries in gardens once; and though I might not like the artificial ones, I assure you that some of the natural rockeries of our garden are worth seeing.
As to the market, this is not one of our busy days; so we shall do better with it another time, because you will see more people.
As to the women themselves, it was pleasant indeed to see them, they were so kind and happy-looking in expression of face, so shapely and well-knit of body, and thoroughly healthy-looking and strong.
As to their dress, which of course I took note of, I should say that they were decently veiled with drapery, and not bundled up with millinery; that they were clothed like women, not upholstered like armchairs, as most women of our time are.
As to this, as at our breakfast, everything was cooked and served with a daintiness which showed that those who had prepared it were interested in it; but there was no excess either of quantity or of gourmandise; everything was simple, though so excellent of its kind; and it was made clear to us that this was no feast, only an ordinary meal.
As to those who had been poor, all through the war, which lasted about two years, their condition had been bettering, in spite of the struggle; and when peace came at last, in a very short time they made great strides towards a decent life.
As to writing, we do not encourage them to scrawl too early (though scrawl a little they will), because it gets them into a habit of ugly writing; and what's the use of a lot of ugly writing being done, when rough printing can be done so easily.
As to your brother's behaviour, certainly I was sensible of a particularity: I had been sensible of it some little time, perhaps two or three weeks; but then I considered it as meaning nothing: I put it down as simply being his way, and was as far from supposing as from wishing him to have any serious thoughts of me.
As twining is the simplest means of ascending a support, and forms th basis of our series, it may naturally be asked how did plants acquire thi power in an incipient degree, afterwards to be improved and increase through natural selection.
As w here and there see a thin, straggling branch springing from a fork low dow in a tree, and which by some chance has been favoured and is still alive o its summit, so we occasionally see an animal like the Ornithorhynchus o Lepidosiren, which in some small degree connects by its affinities tw large branches of life, and which has apparently been saved from fata competition by having inhabited a protected station.
As we find organs o high physiological importance - those which serve to preserve life under th most diverse conditions of existence - are generally the most constant, w attach especial value to them; but if these same organs, in another grou or section of a group, are found to differ much, we at once value them les in our classification.
As we have conclusive evidence that the breeds of the Pigeon are descende from a single wild species, I compared the young pigeons within twelv hours after being hatched.
As we have no writte pedigrees, we are forced to trace community of descent by resemblances o any kind.
As we have reason to believe that large areas ar affected by the same movement, it is probable that strictly contemporaneou formations have often been accumulated over very wide spaces in the sam quarter of the world; but we are very far from having any right to conclud that this has invariably been the case, and that large areas hav invariably been affected by the same movements.
As we have seen in the last chapter that some forms hav retained nearly the same character from an enormously remote geologica period, so certain species have migrated over vast spaces, and have no become greatly or at all modified.
As we may infer that our domestic animals were originally chosen b uncivilised man because they were useful, and because they bred readil under confinement, and not because they were subsequently found capable o far-extended transportation, the common and extraordinary capacity in ou domestic animals of not only withstanding the most different climates, bu of being perfectly fertile (a far severer test) under them, may be used a an argument that a large proportion of other animals now in a state o nature could easily be brought to bear widely different climates.
As we possess only the last volume of the geologica record, and that in a very broken condition, we have no right to expect except in rare cases, to fill up the wide intervals in the natural system and thus to unite distinct families or orders.
As we see that those variations which, under domestication, appear at an particular period of life, tend to reappear in the offspring at the sam period; for instance, in the shape, size and flavour of the seeds of th many varieties of our culinary and agricultural plants; in the caterpilla and cocoon stages of the varieties of the silkworm; in the eggs of poultry and in the colour of the down of their chickens; in the horns of our shee and cattle when nearly adult; so in a state of nature natural selectio will be enabled to act on and modify organic beings at any age, by th accumulation of variations profitable at that age, and by their inheritanc at a corresponding age.
As we sometimes see individuals following habits different from thos proper to their species and to the other species of the same genus, w might expect that such individuals would occasionally give rise to ne species, having anomalous habits, and with their structure either slightl or considerably modified from that of their type.
As we went down to the boat next morning, Walter could not quite keep off the subject of last night, though he was more hopeful than he had been then, and seemed to think that if the unlucky homicide could not be got to go over-sea, he might at any rate go and live somewhere in the neighbourhood pretty much by himself; at any rate, that was what he himself had proposed.
As we went higher up the river, there was less difference between the Thames of that day and Thames as I remembered it; for setting aside the hideous vulgarity of the cockney villas of the well-to-do, stockbrokers and other such, which in older time marred the beauty of the bough-hung banks, even this beginning of the country Thames was always beautiful; and as we slipped between the lovely summer greenery, I almost felt my youth come back to me, and as if I were on one of those water excursions which I used to enjoy so much in days when I was too happy to think that there could be much amiss anywhere.
As we went, I could not help putting beside his promised picture of the hay-field as it was then the picture of it as I remembered it, and especially the images of the women engaged in the work rose up before me: the row of gaunt figures, lean, flat-breasted, ugly, without a grace of form or face about them; dressed in wretched skimpy print gowns, and hideous flapping sun-bonnets, moving their rakes in a listless mechanical way.
As we went, the folk on the bank talked indeed, mingling their kind voices with the cuckoo's song, the sweet strong whistle of the blackbirds, and the ceaseless note of the corn-crake as he crept through the long grass of the mowing-field; whence came waves of fragrance from the flowering clover amidst of the ripe grass.
As well as I can recollect, it was always much the same.
As why should he not if he likes? only we are his special friends, you know, so of course we jest with him.
As with birds the individuals of the same species, inhabiting the sam country, vary extremely little, I have particularly attended to them; an the rule certainly seems to hold good in this class.
As with mariners shipwrecked near a coast, i would have been better for the good swimmers if they had been able to swi still further, whereas it would have been better for the bad swimmers i they had not been able to swim at all and had stuck to the wreck.
As with the varieties of the stock, so with socia insects, selection has been applied to the family, and not to th individual, for the sake of gaining a serviceable end.
As yet I have not found a single terrestrial animal which ca fertilise itself.
As yet Sir Thomas had seen nothing to remark in Mr. Crawford's behaviour; but when the whist-table broke up at the end of the second rubber, and leaving Dr. Grant and Mrs. Norris to dispute over their last play, he became a looker-on at the other, he found his niece the object of attentions, or rather of professions, of a somewhat pointed character.
As, however, we do not know the commo ancestor of any natural group, we cannot distinguish between reversionar and analogous characters.
Ask as I have asked, a celebrated raiser of Hereford cattle, whether his cattl might not have descended from Long-horns, or both from a common parent stock, and he will laugh you to scorn.
Ask your uncle what he thinks, and you will hear compliments enough: and though they may be chiefly on your person, you must put up with it, and trust to his seeing as much beauty of mind in time.
Assuming that an insect originally happened to resemble in som degree a dead twig or a decayed leaf, and that it varied slightly in man ways, then all the variations which rendered the insect at all more lik any such object, and thus favoured its escape, would be preserved, whil other variations would be neglected and ultimately lost; or, if the rendered the insect at all less like the imitated object, they would b eliminated.
Assure me that I yet may change these shadows you have shown me, by an altered life! The kind hand trembled.
Assuredly the being able to reach, a each stage of increased size, to a supply of food, left untouched by th other hoofed quadrupeds of the country, would have been of some advantag to the nascent giraffe.
Assuredly we shall never succeed i making so perfect a collection:  nevertheless, in certain classes, we ar tending toward this end; and Milne Edwards has lately insisted, in an abl paper, on the high importance of looking to types, whether or not we ca separate and define the groups to which such types belong.
At Ecclesford the governess was to have done it.
At Mansfield Park Mr. Crawford would always be welcome; he had only to consult his own judgment and feelings as to the frequency of his visits, at present or in future.
At Mansfield, no sounds of contention, no raised voice, no abrupt bursts, no tread of violence, was ever heard; all proceeded in a regular course of cheerful orderliness; everybody had their due importance; everybody's feelings were consulted.
At a distance of some five or six feet from the air-tigh chamber a vertical scale is fixed.
At a distance, unassailed by his looks or his kindness, and safe from the perpetual irritation of knowing his heart, and striving to avoid his confidence, she should be able to reason herself into a properer state; she should be able to think of him as in London, and arranging everything there, without wretchedness.
At about the week's end from his return to Mansfield, Tom's immediate danger was over, and he was so far pronounced safe as to make his mother perfectly easy; for being now used to the sight of him in his suffering, helpless state, and hearing only the best, and never thinking beyond what she heard, with no disposition for alarm and no aptitude at a hint, Lady Bertram was the happiest subject in the world for a little medical imposition.
At an ancient epoch the highest an lowest molluscoidal animals, namely, cephalopods and brachiopods, swarme in numbers; at the present time both groups are greatly reduced, whil others, intermediate in organisation, have largely increased; consequentl some naturalists maintain that molluscs were formerly more highly develope than at present; but a stronger case can be made out on the opposite side by considering the vast reduction of brachiopods, and the fact that ou existing cephalopods, though few in number, are more highly organised tha their ancient representatives.
At another, she suspected him of jealousy against her father; and for that, although she could see excuses for it, she yet despised him.
At any other time this would have been felt dreadfully.
At dinner we fell in with an old, but very bright and intelligent man, who seemed in a country way to be another edition of old Hammond.
At each period of growth all the growing twigs have trie to branch out on all sides, and to overtop and kill the surrounding twig and branches, in the same manner as species and groups of species have a all times overmastered other species in the great battle for life.
At every fresh question that was put to him, this nephew burst into a fresh roar of laughter; and was so inexpressibly tickled, that he was obliged to get up off the sofa and stamp.
At first Miss Crawford and her companion made the circuit of the field, which was not small, at a foot's pace; then, at her apparent suggestion, they rose into a canter; and to Fanny's timid nature it was most astonishing to see how well she sat.
At first he scarcely said anything; his looks only expressed his extreme surprise and vexation, and he walked to the gate and stood there, without seeming to know what to do.
At first nothing would content them but we must go with them into the hay-field, and breakfast with them; but Dick put forward his theory of beginning the hay-harvest higher up the water, and not spoiling my pleasure therein by giving me a taste of it elsewhere, and they gave way, though unwillingly.
At first this seemed a simple task; but Mr. H.C. Watson, to whom I am much indebted for valuable advice and assistance o this subject, soon convinced me that there were many difficulties, as di subsequently Dr. Hooker, even in stronger terms.
At first, it was a sort of stupefaction; but every moment was quickening her perception of the horrible evil.
At last as we were passing through a reach of the river where on the side of the towing-path was a highish bank with a thick whispering bed of reeds before it, and on the other side a higher bank, clothed with willows that dipped into the stream and crowned by ancient elm-trees, we saw bright figures coming along close to the bank, as if they were looking for something; as, indeed, they were, and we - that is, Dick and his company - were what they were looking for.
At last came a great crash.
At last it was agreed that they should endeavour to determine the dimensions of the wood by walking a little more about it.
At last the base of th cliff is undermined, huge fragments fall down, and these remaining fixed have to be worn away atom by atom, until after being reduced in size the can be rolled about by the waves, and then they are more quickly groun into pebbles, sand, or mud.
At last the dinner was all done, the cloth was cleared, the hearth swept, and the fire made up.
At last the dishes were set on, and grace was said.
At last the scene was over, and Fanny forced herself to add her praise to the compliments each was giving the other; and when again alone and able to recall the whole, she was inclined to believe their performance would, indeed, have such nature and feeling in it as must ensure their credit, and make it a very suffering exhibition to herself.
At last the trotting of a horse sounded in the distance, the park gates opened with a clang, and then Mr. Naseby appeared, with stooping shoulders and a heavy, bilious countenance, languidly rising to the trot.
At last we came to a reach of the river where on the left hand a very pretty little village with some old houses in it came down to the edge of the water, over which was a ferry; and beyond these houses the elm-beset meadows ended in a fringe of tall willows, while on the right hand went the tow-path and a clear space before a row of trees, which rose up behind huge and ancient, the ornaments of a great park: but these drew back still further from the river at the end of the reach to make way for a little town of quaint and pretty houses, some new, some old, dominated by the long walls and sharp gables of a great red-brick pile of building, partly of the latest Gothic, partly of the court-style of Dutch William, but so blended together by the bright sun and beautiful surroundings, including the bright blue river, which it looked down upon, that even amidst the beautiful buildings of that new happy time it had a strange charm about it.
At last we passed under another ancient bridge; and through meadows bordered at first with huge elm-trees mingled with sweet chestnut of younger but very elegant growth; and the meadows widened out so much that it seemed as if the trees must now be on the bents only, or about the houses, except for the growth of willows on the immediate banks; so that the wide stretch of grass was little broken here.
At last, after various attempts at meeting, I have seen your cousins, 'dear Julia and dearest Mrs. Rushworth'; they found me at home yesterday, and we were glad to see each other again.
At last, however, he began to think - as you or I would have thought at first; for it is always the person not in the predicament who knows what ought to have been done in it, and would unquestionably have done it too - at last, I say, he began to think that the source and secret of this ghostly light might be in the adjoining room, from whence, on further tracing it, it seemed to shine.
At least, I suppose not.
At length it broke upon his listening ear.
At length the hour of shutting up the counting-house arrived.
At length the long-expected knock was heard.
At length there was a pause.
At length, a something like composure succeeded.
At long intervals of time, out of millions o individuals reared in the same country and fed on nearly the same food deviations of structure so strongly pronounced as to deserve to be calle monstrosities arise; but monstrosities cannot be separated by any distinc line from slighter variations.
At my request Sir C. Lyell wrot to M. Hartung to inquire whether he had observed erratic boulders on thes islands, and he answered that he had found large fragments of granite an other rocks, which do not occur in the archipelago.
At one end of a short series we have humble-bees, which use their ol cocoons to hold honey, sometimes adding to them short tubes of wax, an likewise making separate and very irregular rounded cells of wax.
At one moment she simply resented the selfishness of a man who had obtruded his dark looks and passionate language on her joy; for there is nothing that a woman can less easily forgive than the language of a passion which, even if only for the moment, she does not share.
At one of these a lonely boy was reading near a feeble fire; and Scrooge sat down upon a form, and wept to see his poor forgotten self as he used to be.
At one time it appeared to me probable, as it has to others, that th sterility of first crosses and of hybrids might have been slowly acquire through the natural selection of slightly lessened degrees of fertility which, like any other variation, spontaneously appeared in certai individuals of one variety when crossed with those of another variety.
At present it has the great interest of still preserving a great mass of pre-commercial building, and is a very beautiful place, yet there are many towns which have become scarcely less beautiful.
At sea, barometers of this construction cannot be used.
At such a moment to give way to gaiety, to speak with lightness, and to you! Absolute cruelty.
At such times an eye on an overlooking height may see an extended body of vapour below; which the cooling of night has rendered visible.
At th other end of the series we have the cells of the hive-bee, placed in  double layer:  each cell, as is well known, is an hexagonal prism, with th basal edges of its six sides bevelled so as to join an inverted pyramid, o three rhombs.
At the Cape of Good Hope a very few Europea species, believed not to have been introduced by man, and on the mountain several representative European forms are found which have not bee discovered in the intertropical parts of Africa.
At the White House, matters must be better looked after.
At the commencement of m observations it seemed to me probable that a careful study of domesticate animals and of cultivated plants would offer the best chance of making ou this obscure problem.
At the end of the nineteenth century the cry arose for compelling the masters to employ their men a less number of hours in the day: this cry gathered volume quickly, and the masters had to yield to it.
At the furthest corner of the room, at a desk near the window, sat a little old man in a roomy oak chair, well becushioned.
At the moment she could only thank and accept.
At the present day almost all naturalists admit evolution under some form.
At the present day, the sub-arctic and norther temperate productions of the Old and New Worlds are separated from eac other by the whole Atlantic Ocean and by the northern part of the Pacific.
At the present time, eminent breeders try by methodical selection, with  distinct object in view, to make a new strain or sub-breed, superior t anything of the kind in the country.
At the restaurant he showed him what to order, with surprising consequences in the bill.
At the same time I laid on the same place a small parcel of the pupae o another species, F. flava, with a few of these little yellow ants stil clinging to the fragments of their nest.
At the very moment of Yates perceiving Sir Thomas, and giving perhaps the very best start he had ever given in the whole course of his rehearsals, Tom Bertram entered at the other end of the room; and never had he found greater difficulty in keeping his countenance.
At their bases there is a shor subsidiary row of obliquely transverse lamellae.
At this rat there must have existed at least a score of species of wild cattle, as man sheep, and several goats, in Europe alone, and several even within Grea Britain.
At this very moment he is wild to see you, and occupied only in contriving the means for doing so, and for making his pleasure conduce to yours.
At this, th newer Pliocene period, the majority of the inhabitants of the world wer specifically the same as now, and we have good reason to believe that th climate was warmer than at the present day.
Attention became early rivetted upon the clock; the evidences of purpose in creation centred there; the creator, who spoke obscurely in his other works, seemed in the clock to utter an authentic voice; and theism and atheism joined battle on the question of the Clockmaker.
Audubo has given several remarkable cases of differences in the nests of the sam species in the northern and southern United States.
Aug.
Aunt Norris lives too far off to think of such little people as you.
Authors have insisted on the necessity of arrangin varieties on a natural instead of an artificial system; we are cautioned for instance, not to class two varieties of the pine-apple together, merel because their fruit, though the most important part, happens to be nearl identical; no one puts the Swedish and common turnip together, though th esculent and thickened stems are so similar.
Authors of the highest eminence seem to be fully satisfied with the vie that each species has been independently created.
Authors sometimes argue in a circl when they state that important organs never vary; for these same author practically rank those parts as important (as some few naturalists hav honestly confessed) which do not vary; and, under this point of view, n instance will ever be found of an important part varying; but under an other point of view many instances assuredly can be given.
Awaking in the middle of a prodigiously tough snore, and sitting up in bed to get his thoughts together, Scrooge had no occasion to be told that the bell was again upon the stroke of One.
Backing is a bad sign, with any wind.
Bands of young men, like the marauders in the great strike of whom I told you just now, armed themselves and drilled, and began on any opportunity or pretence to skirmish with the people in the streets.
Baron Aucapitaine has since tried similar experiments.
Barrande, also shows that there is a striking general parallelism in the successiv Silurian deposits of Bohemia and Scandinavia; nevertheless he finds  surprising amount of difference in the species.
Bath seems full, and everything as usual.
Bats have been seen wandering by day far over the Atlanti Ocean; and two North American species, either regularly or occasionally visit Bermuda, at the distance of 600 miles from the mainland.
Bats, a formerly shown, probably acquired their wings by at first gliding throug the air from tree to tree, like the so-called flying squirrels, for th sake of escaping from their enemies, or for avoiding falls; but when th power of true flight had once been acquired, it would never be reconverte back, at least for the above purposes, into the less efficient power o gliding through the air.
Bats, might, indeed, like many birds, have ha their wings greatly reduced in size, or completely lost, through disuse but in this case it would be necessary that they should first have acquire the power of running quickly on the ground, by the aid of their hind leg alone, so as to compete with birds or other ground animals; and for such  change a bat seems singularly ill-fitted.
Battle withi battle must be continually recurring with varying success; and yet in th long-run the forces are so nicely balanced that the face of nature remain for long periods of time uniform, though assuredly the merest trifle woul give the victory to one organic being over another.
Be assured he cares for nobody but you.
Be here all the earlier next morning.
Be honest and poor, by all means - but I shall not envy you; I do not much think I shall even respect you.
Bearing in mind that the mutual relation o organism to organism is of the highest importance, we can see why tw areas, having nearly the same physical conditions, should often b inhabited by very different forms of life; for according to the length o time which has elapsed since the colonists entered one of the regions, o both; according to the nature of the communication which allowed certai forms and not others to enter, either in greater or lesser numbers according or not as those which entered happened to come into more or les direct competition with each other and with the aborigines; and accordin as the immigrants were capable of varying more or less rapidly, there woul ensue in the to or more regions, independently of their physica conditions, infinitely diversified conditions of life; there would be a almost endless amount of organic action and reaction, and we should fin some groups of beings greatly, and some only slightly modified; som developed in great force, some existing in scanty numbers - and this we d find in the several great geographical provinces of the world.
Bearing such facts in mind, it may b believed that under certain circumstances individual differences in th curvature or length of the proboscis, etc., too slight to be appreciated b us, might profit a bee or other insect, so that certain individuals woul be able to obtain their food more quickly than others; and thus th communities to which they belonged would flourish and throw off many swarm inheriting the same peculiarities.
Becoming immediately sensible of the impropriety, he poked the fire, and extinguished the last frail spark for ever.
Bees visit these flowers, like those of the Coryanthes in order to gnaw the labellum; in doing this they inevitably touch a long tapering, sensitive projection, or, as I have called it, the antenna.
Befor coming to Mr. Mivart's objections, it may be well to explain once again ho natural selection will act in all ordinary cases.
Before and during the earlier part of serene and settled weather, the mercury commonly stands high, and in stationary.
Before applying the principles arrived at in the last chapter to organi beings in a state of nature, we must briefly discuss whether these latte are subject to any variation.
Before entering on the subject of this chapter I must make a fe preliminary remarks to show how the struggle for existence bears on natura selection.
Before his return Mrs. Grant and Miss Crawford came in.
Before ma inhabited India or Africa, some cause must have checked the continue increase of the existing elephant.
Before me, the elm-boughs still hid most of what houses there might be in this river-side dwelling of men; but to the right of the cart-road a few grey buildings of the simplest kind showed here and there.
Before that period, as I understand, the pews were only wainscot; and there is some reason to think that the linings and cushions of the pulpit and family seat were only purple cloth; but this is not quite certain.
Before the last grea Glacial period, no doubt the intertropical mountains were stocked wit endemic Alpine forms; but these have almost everywhere yielded to the mor dominant forms generated in the larger areas and more efficient workshop of the north.
Before the phaeton had driven off, the girl had entered the station and seated herself upon a bench.
Before the week ended, it was all disappointment.
Before we parted from these girls we saw two sturdy young men and a woman putting off from the Berkshire shore, and then Dick bethought him of a little banter of the girls, and asked them how it was that there was nobody of the male kind to go with them across the water, and where their boats were gone to.
Begin at the beginning, and tell me all you have seen of him, all he said and all you answered.
Being accustomed to the barometer on our coast, one could tell from what quarter the wind would probably come by the height of the barometer, taken in connexion with its previous height, and the state of the weather and the strength of winds that had prevailed before.
Being descended from  form that stood between the parent-species (A) and (I), now supposed to b extinct and unknown, it will be in some degree intermediate in characte between the two groups descended from these two species.
Being now in her twenty-first year, Maria Bertram was beginning to think matrimony a duty; and as a marriage with Mr. Rushworth would give her the enjoyment of a larger income than her father's, as well as ensure her the house in town, which was now a prime object, it became, by the same rule of moral obligation, her evident duty to marry Mr. Rushworth if she could.
Believe me, I have no pleasure in the world superior to that of contributing to yours.
Believe me, they are not only natural, they are philanthropic and virtuous.
Believing that it is always best to study some special group, I have, afte deliberation, taken up domestic pigeons.
Believing, from reasons before alluded to, that our continents have lon remained in nearly the same relative position, though subjected to grea oscillations of level, I am strongly inclined to extend the above view, an to infer that during some earlier and still warmer period, such as th older Pliocene period, a large number of the same plants and animal inhabited the almost continuous circumpolar land; and that these plants an animals, both in the Old and New Worlds, began slowly to migrate southward as the climate became less warm, long before the commencement of th Glacial period.
Bell, dong, ding; hammer, clang, clash! Oh, glorious, glorious Running to the window, he opened it, and put out his head.
Bermuda, on the other hand, which lies a about the same distance from North America as the Galapagos Islands do fro South America, and which has a very peculiar soil, does not possess  single endemic land bird; and we know from Mr. J.M. Jones's admirabl account of Bermuda, that very many North American birds occasionally o even frequently visit this island.
Bertram is certainly well off for a cadet of even a baronet's family.
Beside them lay a good big basket that had hints about it of cold pie and wine: a half dozen of young women stood by watching the work or the workers, both of which were worth watching, for the latter smote great strokes and were very deft in their labour, and as handsome clean-built fellows as you might find a dozen of in a summer day.
Beside thes inherent difficulties in deciding which forms are the most advanced i organisation, we ought not solely to compare the highest members of a clas at any two periods - though undoubtedly this is one and perhaps the mos important element in striking a balance - but we ought to compare all th members, high and low, at two periods.
Besides - excuse me - I don't know that.
Besides I had taken quite a liking to the girl, and meant to stay with her for good.
Besides the avicularia, the polyzoa possess curious organs calle vibracula.
Besides which, a further and more, reliable compensation has lately been effected by a combination of brass an steel bars.
Besides, Dick, and much more Clara, likes a little talking at times; and you know lovers do not talk unless they get into trouble, they only prattle.
Besides, I cannot but suppose that whatever there may be to wish otherwise in Dr. Grant would have been in a greater danger of becoming worse in a more active and worldly profession, where he would have had less time and obligation -  where he might have escaped that knowledge of himself, the frequency, at least, of that knowledge which it is impossible he should escape as he is now.
Besides, I shall lose it: I always lose my pipes.
Besides, I want to bring my friend here to the proper place.
Besides, I was using my eyes with all my might, wondering as the old horse jogged on, when I should come into London proper, and what it would be like now.
Besides, as we said before, it is not a bad thing to have some record of what our forefathers thought a handsome building.
Besides, if one person gave me something, then another might, and another, and so on; and I hope you won't think me rude if I say that I shouldn't know where to stow away so many mementos of friendship.
Besides, it is such very easy work that anybody can do it.
Besides, it was the right man that was killed and not the wrong.
Besides, perhaps he will be the better able to answer my questions after his own have been answered.
Besides, that would be all recreation and indulgence, without the wholesome alloy of labour, and I do not like to eat the bread of idleness.
Besides, there was gratitude towards her, for having made their tete-a-tete so much less painful than her fears had predicted.
Besides, we are in no hurry: we are not going far above Oxford; and even if we are benighted, we shall have the moon, which will give us nothing worse of a night than a greyer day.
Betsey and I have been watching for you this half-hour.
Betsey went with alacrity, proud to shew her abilities before her fine new sister.
Betsey, too, a spoiled child, trained up to think the alphabet her greatest enemy, left to be with the servants at her pleasure, and then encouraged to report any evil of them, she was almost as ready to despair of being able to love or assist; and of Susan's temper she had many doubts.
Between his self-knowledge, which was considerable, and his vanity, which was immense, he had created a strange hybrid animal, and called it by his own name.
Between ten and eleven Edmund and Julia walked into the drawing-room, fresh with the evening air, glowing and cheerful, the very reverse of what they found in the three ladies sitting there, for Maria would scarcely raise her eyes from her book, and Lady Bertram was half-asleep; and even Mrs. Norris, discomposed by her niece's ill-humour, and having asked one or two questions about the dinner, which were not immediately attended to, seemed almost determined to say no more.
Between the sterility thu superinduced and that of hybrids, there are many points of similarity.
Between us, I think we should have won you.
Beware them both, and all of their degree, but most of all beware this boy, for on his brow I see that written which is Doom, unless the writing be erased.
Beyond that the houses are scattered wide about the meadows there, which are very beautiful, especially when you get on to the lovely river Lea (where old Isaak Walton used to fish, you know) about the places called Stratford and Old Ford, names which of course you will not have heard of, though the Romans were busy there once upon a time.
Beyond thi superficial resemblance, there is hardly any real similarity between th eyes of cuttle-fish and vertebrates, as may be seen by consulting Hensen' admirable memoir on these organs in the Cephalopoda.
Beyond this stage of perfection in architecture natural selection could not lead; for the comb of the hive-bee, as far a we can see, is absolutely perfect in economising labour and wax.
Birds of this order wander more than those o any other; and are occasionally found on the most remote and barren island of the open ocean; they would not be likely to alight on the surface of th sea, so that any dirt on their feet would not be washed off; and whe gaining the land, they would be sure to fly to their natural fresh-wate haunts.
Birthright and habit must settle the business.
Bitterly did he deplore a deficiency which now he could scarcely comprehend to have been possible.
Bivalve shells are made to open and shut, but on wha a number of patterns is the hinge constructed, from the long row of neatl interlocking teeth in a Nucula to the simple ligament of a Mussel!  Seed are disseminated by their minuteness, by their capsule being converted int a light balloon-like envelope, by being embedded in pulp or flesh, forme of the most diverse parts, and rendered nutritious, as well a conspicuously coloured, so as to attract and be devoured by birds, b having hooks and grapnels of many kinds and serrated awns, so as to adher to the fur of quadrupeds, and by being furnished with wings and plumes, a different in shape as they are elegant in structure, so as to be wafted b every breeze.
Bless those women; they never do anything by halves.
Bless you! He went to church, and walked about the streets, and watched the people hurrying to and fro, and patted children on the head, and questioned beggars, and looked down into the kitchens of houses, and up to the windows, and found that everything could yield him pleasure.
Blessings on it, how the Ghost exulted! How it bared its breadth of breast, and opened its capacious palm, and floated on, outpouring, with a generous hand, its bright and harmless mirth on everything within its reach! The very lamplighter, who ran on before, dotting the dusky street with specks of light, and who was dressed to spend the evening somewhere, laughed out loudly as the Spirit passed, though little kenned the lamplighter that he had any company but Christmas And now, without a word of warning from the Ghost, they stood upon a bleak and desert moor, where monstrous masses of rude stone were cast about, as though it were the burial-place of giants; and water spread itself wheresoever it listed, or would have done so, but for the frost that held it prisoner; and nothing grew but moss and furze, and coarse rank grass.
Bob Cratchit told them how he had a situation in his eye for Master Peter, which would bring in, if obtained, full five-and-sixpence weekly.
Bob held his withered little hand in his, as if he loved the child, and wished to keep him by his side, and dreaded that he might be taken from him.
Boffin, in a fresh suit of clothes, welcomed me back with stately courtesy; the weaver wanted to button-hole me and get out of me what old Hammond had said, but was very friendly and cheerful when Dick warned him off; Annie shook hands with me, and hoped I had had a pleasant day - so kindly, that I felt a slight pang as our hands parted; for to say the truth, I liked her better than Clara, who seemed to be always a little on the defensive, whereas Annie was as frank as could be, and seemed to get honest pleasure from everything and everybody about her without the least effort.
Bot.
Both Gartner and Kolreuter have proved that in genera including numerou species, a series can be formed from species which when crossed yield fewe and fewer seeds, to species which never produce a single seed, but yet ar affected by the pollen of certain other species, for the germen swells.
Both gentlemen had a glance at Fanny, to see if a word of accordant praise could be extorted from her; yet both feeling that it could not be.
Both hybrids and mongrels can be reduced to either pure parent form, b repeated crosses in successive generations with either parent.
Both in Switzerland and England th slaves seem to have the exclusive care of the larvae, and the masters alon go on slave-making expeditions.
Both in time and spac species and groups of species have their points of maximum development.
Both on this day as well as yesterday we had, as you may think, met and passed and been passed by many craft of one kind and another.
Both shores had a line of very pretty houses, low and not large, standing back a little way from the river; they were mostly built of red brick and roofed with tiles, and looked, above all, comfortable, and as if they were, so to say, alive, and sympathetic with the life of the dwellers in them.
Both single species an whole groups of species last for very unequal periods; some groups, as w have seen, have endured from the earliest known dawn of life to the presen day; some have disappeared before the close of the palaeozoic period.
Both these results follow when another division i made, and when all the least genera, with from only one to four species are altogether excluded from the tables.
Both were kissed very tenderly, but Tom she wanted to keep by her, to try to trace the features of the baby she had loved, and talked to, of his infant preference of herself.
Breeders believe that long limbs are almost always accompanied b an elongated head.
Breeders habitually speak of an animal's organisation a something plastic, which they can model almost as they please.
Breeders of cattle wish the flesh and fat to be well marble together.
Brehm saw the young of an African monkey (Cercopithecus) clinging to th under surface of their mother by their hands, and at the same time the hooked their little tails round that of their mother.
Briefly, the barometer shows weight or pressure of the air; the thermometer - heat and cold, or temperature; and the wet thermometer compared with a dry one, the degree of moisture or dampness.
Bronn adduces the length of the ears and tails in the differen species of hares and mice - the complex folds of enamel in the teeth of man animals, and a multitude of analogous cases.
Bronn also insists that distinct species never differ from each other i single characters, but in many parts; and he asks, how it always comes tha many parts of the organisation should have been modified at the same tim through variation and natural selection?  But there is no necessity fo supposing that all the parts of any being have been simultaneousl modified.
Bu as all groups cannot thus go on increasing in size, for the world would no hold them, the more dominant groups beat the less dominant.
Bu as we have no facts to guide us, speculation on the subject is almos useless.
Bu characters exclusively due to analogous variation would probably be of a unimportant nature, for the preservation of all functionally importan characters will have been determined through natural selection, i accordance with the different habits of the species.
Bu disuse and selection will generally act on each creature, when it has com to maturity and has to play its full part in the struggle for existence and will thus have little power on an organ during early life; hence th organ will not be reduced or rendered rudimentary at this early age.
Bu if he confine his attention to one class within one country he will soo make up his mind how to rank most of the doubtful forms.
Bu it is a far more important consideration, that during the process o further modification, by which two varieties are supposed to be converte and perfected into two distinct species, the two which exist in large numbers, from inhabiting larger areas, will have a great advantage over th intermediate variety, which exists in smaller numbers in a narrow an intermediate zone.
Bu structures thus indirectly gained, although at first of no advantage to  species, may subsequently have been taken advantage of by its modifie descendants, under new conditions of life and newly acquired habits.
Bu these cases are so wonderful that they were introduced as difficulties o objections to our theory.
Bu this instinct retained by our chickens has become useless unde domestication, for the mother-hen has almost lost by disuse the power o flight.
Bu variations which, for all that we can see might have appeared eithe earlier or later in life, likewise tend to reappear at a corresponding ag in the offspring and parent.
Bu webbed feet no doubt were as useful to the progenitor of the upland goos and of the frigate-bird, as they now are to the most aquatic of livin birds.
Bu why, it may be asked, are certain forms treated as the mimicked and other as the mimickers?  Mr. Bates satisfactorily answers this question b showing that the form which is imitated keeps the usual dress of the grou to which it belongs, while the counterfeiters have changed their dress an do not resemble their nearest allies.
Bu with organic beings the case is different, and the view above given accord with their natural arrangement in group under group; and no othe explanation has ever been attempted.
Bud-variations, such as the appearance o a moss-rose on a common rose, or of a nectarine on a peach-tree, offer goo instances of spontaneous variations; but even in these cases, if we bear i mind the power of a minute drop of poison in producing complex galls, w ought not to feel too sure that the above variations are not the effect o some local change in the nature of the sap, due to some change in th conditions.
Built upon a dismal reef of sunken rocks, some league or so from shore, on which the waters chafed and dashed, the wild year through, there stood a solitary lighthouse.
Burning as the sun was, there was a fresh feeling in the air that almost set us a-longing for the rest of the hot afternoon, and the stretch of blossoming wheat seen from the shadow of the boughs.
Business followed business; the day was hardly long enough.
But  must pass over this preliminary difficulty.
But Baddeley was stout.
But Dick got rather restive under so much ancient history: besides, I suspect he wanted to keep me as fresh as he could for his great-grandfather.
But Dr. Cruger saw crowds of large humble-bees visiting th gigantic flowers of this orchid, not in order to suck nectar, but to gna off the ridges within the chamber above the bucket; in doing this the frequently pushed each other into the bucket, and their wings being thu wetted they could not fly away, but were compelled to crawl out through th passage formed by the spout or overflow.
But Dr. Gunther has lately shown that the Galaxia attenuatus inhabits Tasmania, New Zealand, the Falkland Islands and th mainland of South America.
But Edmund, delighted with her having such an happiness offered, and ascertaining with half a look, and half a sentence, that she had no objection but on her aunt's account, could not imagine that his mother would make any difficulty of sparing her, and therefore gave his decided open advice that the invitation should be accepted; and though Fanny would not venture, even on his encouragement, to such a flight of audacious independence, it was soon settled, that if nothing were heard to the contrary, Mrs. Grant might expect her.
But Fanny shewed such reluctance, such misery, at the idea of going down to him, that Sir Thomas, after a little consideration, judged it better to indulge her.
But Fanny still hung back.
But I am growing old, I am growing old, I am growing old, and - I regret to add - bald.
But I am interrupting your history of the river: pray go on.
But I am not fishing; don't compliment me.
But I am spoilt, Fanny, for common female society.
But I am sure I have always thought of Christmas time, when it has come round - apart from the veneration due to its sacred name and origin, if anything belonging to it can be apart from that - as a good time; a kind, forgiving, charitable, pleasant time; the only time I know of, in the long calendar of the year, when men and women seem by one consent to open their shut-up hearts freely, and to think of people below them as if they really were fellow-passengers to the grave, and not another race of creatures bound on other journeys.
But I am well aware that these genera statements, without the facts in detail, can produce but a feeble effect o the reader's mind.
But I believe that the effects o habit are in many cases of subordinate importance to the effects of th natural selection of what may be called spontaneous variations o instincts; - that is of variations produced by the same unknown causes whic produce slight deviations of bodily structure.
But I believe that thei fertility has been diminished in nearly all these cases by an independen cause, namely, by too close interbreeding.
But I can find out no such case.
But I cannot call that situation nothing which has the charge of all that is of the first importance to mankind, individually or collectively considered, temporally and eternally, which has the guardianship of religion and morals, and consequently of the manners which result from their influence.
But I could not be easy till I had spoken to you, and come to a decision.
But I could show that none of these characters are universal.
But I dare say you know exactly -  I always imagine you are - perhaps you do not think him likely to marry at all - or not at present.
But I daresay in the country which you come from, you would think this petty and unadventurous, and would think the worse of me for it.
But I do believe that natural selection will generally ac very slowly, only at long intervals of time, and only on a few of th inhabitants of the same region.
But I do not believ that it will ever be proved that within the recent period most of ou continents which now stand quite separate, have been continuously, o almost continuously united with each other, and with the many existin oceanic islands.
But I do not doubt that plants exposed to the waves woul float for a less time than those protected from violent movement as in ou experiments.
But I do not pretend that I should ever have suspected how poo was the record in the best preserved geological sections, had not th absence of innumerable transitional links between the species which live at the commencement and close of each formation, pressed so hardly on m theory.
But I do say that there is no unvarying conventional set of rules by which people are judged; no bed of Procrustes to stretch or cramp their minds and lives; no hypocritical excommunication which people are forced to pronounce, either by unconsidered habit, or by the unexpressed threat of the lesser interdict if they are lax in their hypocrisy.
But I fear - In short, I have been told that political strife was a necessary result of human nature.
But I fear, darling, we may have long to wait, and shall want all our courage.
But I hardly expected to hear you speak so.
But I hav already remarked that it is doubtful whether New Zealand and New Caledoni ought to be classed as oceanic islands; and this is still more doubtfu with respect to the Andaman and Solomon groups and the Seychelles.
But I have made the trial in homage to Christmas, and I'll keep my Christmas humour to the last.
But I have no space here to enlarge on the many ways by which animals endeavour t frighten away their enemies.
But I have not seen the place now for many years, except once, when we Leaguers went a pleasuring to High Beech.
But I have not the least inclination to go near her.
But I have not the power, Spirit.
But I have very little doubt it will be.
But I hear from Professor Wyman, who has made numerous carefu measurements, that the accuracy of the workmanship of the bee has bee greatly exaggerated; so much so, that whatever the typical form of the cel may be, it is rarely, if ever, realised.
But I left no stone unturned.
But I may here state that, looking to the domestic dogs of th whole world, I have, after a laborious collection of all known facts, com to the conclusion that several wild species of Canidae have been tamed, an that their blood, in some cases mingled together, flows in the veins of ou domestic breeds.
But I must admit that they were mostly prigs, and that they were commercial.
But I must beg some advantage to the clergyman from your own argument.
But I must confess, that, with all my faith in natura selection, I should never have anticipated that this principle could hav been efficient in so high a degree, had not the case of these neute insects led me to this conclusion.
But I must explain my meaning more fully.
But I must get down here, neighbours; I have got to call on a friend who lives in the gardens behind this Long Acre.
But I must here remark that I do not suppose that the process ever goes o so regularly as is represented in the diagram, though in itself mad somewhat irregular, nor that it goes on continuously; it is far mor probable that each form remains for long periods unaltered, and then agai undergoes modification.
But I must observe that five is the very awkwardest of all possible numbers to sit down to table; and I cannot but be surprised that such an elegant lady as Mrs. Grant should not contrive better! And round their enormous great wide table, too, which fills up the room so dreadfully! Had the doctor been contented to take my dining-table when I came away, as anybody in their senses would have done, instead of having that absurd new one of his own, which is wider, literally wider than the dinner-table here, how infinitely better it would have been! and how much more he would have been respected! for people are never respected when they step out of their proper sphere.
But I must tell you another thing of Fanny, so odd and so stupid.
But I must tell you that in point of fact the minority very seldom enforces this rule, but generally yields in a friendly manner.
But I say flatly that in spite of all their cleverness and vigour, and capacity for story-telling, there is something loathsome about them.
But I shall hav to return in a future chapter to the preservation and perpetuation o single or occasional variations.
But I should have had no guess as to where I was, if I had not started from the waterside; for King Street was gone, and the highway ran through wide sunny meadows and garden-like tillage.
But I should like to ask a few more questions, and then I have done for to-day.
But I think her present home must do her good.
But I think it can be in large part explained.
But I think it would be better so.
But I think sometimes people are too careless of the history of the past - too apt to leave it in the hands of old learned men like Hammond.
But I think we have improved it.
But I thought it would rather do her good after being stooping among the roses; for there is nothing so refreshing as a walk after a fatigue of that kind; and though the sun was strong, it was not so very hot.
But I told a man mending a hedge that it was Thornton Lacey, and he agreed to it.
But I want to return to the position of women amongst you.
But I will pass over this way of escaping fro the difficulty; for I believe that many perfectly defined species have bee formed on strictly continuous areas; though I do not doubt that th formerly broken condition of areas now continuous, has played an importan part in the formation of new species, more especially with freely-crossin and wandering animals.
But I will quiz you with a great deal of pleasure, if you will tell me what about.
But I'll offer to go, if anybody else will.
But Miss Crawford persevered, and argued the case with so much affectionate earnestness through all the heads of William and the cross, and the ball, and herself, as to be finally successful.
But Miss Frances married, in the common phrase, to disoblige her family, and by fixing on a lieutenant of marines, without education, fortune, or connexions, did it very thoroughly.
But Miss Price and Mr. Edmund Bertram, I dare say, would take their chance.
But Mrs. Norris wanted to persuade her that Fanny could be very well spared - she being ready to give up all her own time to her as requested -  and, in short, could not really be wanted or missed.
But Mrs. Rushworth's day of good looks will come; we have cards for her first party on the 28th.
But Natural Selection, we shall hereafter see, is a powe incessantly ready for action, and is as immeasurably superior to man' feeble efforts, as the works of Nature are to those of Art.
But Scrooge was all the worse for this.
But Shakespeare one gets acquainted with without knowing how.
But Sir Charles Lyell now gives the support o his high authority to the opposite side, and most geologists an palaeontologists are much shaken in their former belief.
But Sir Thomas hopes he will be better to-morrow, and says we must consider his journey.
But Sunday made her a very creditable and tolerably cheerful-looking Mrs. Price, coming abroad with a fine family of children, feeling a little respite of her weekly cares, and only discomposed if she saw her boys run into danger, or Rebecca pass by with a flower in her hat.
But Tom's extravagance had, previous to that event, been so great as to render a different disposal of the next presentation necessary, and the younger brother must help to pay for the pleasures of the elder.
But a hooked see might be carried to an island by other means; and the plant then becomin modified would form an endemic species, still retaining its hooks, whic would form a useless appendage, like the shrivelled wings under th soldered wing-covers of many insular beetles.
But a hybri partakes of only half of the nature and constitution of its mother; it ma therefore, before birth, as long as it is nourished within its mother' womb, or within the egg or seed produced by the mother, be exposed t conditions in some degree unsuitable, and consequently be liable to peris at an early period; more especially as all very young beings are eminentl sensitive to injurious or unnatural conditions of life.
But a parish has wants and claims which can be known only by a clergyman constantly resident, and which no proxy can be capable of satisfying to the same extent.
But a part may be developed in the most unusual manner, like th wing of a bat, and yet not be more variable than any other structure, i the part be common to many subordinate forms, that is, if it has bee inherited for a very long period; for in this case it will have bee rendered constant by long-continued natural selection.
But a plant on th edge of a desert is said to struggle for life against the drought, thoug more properly it should be said to be dependent on the moisture.
But a still mor important consideration is that the chief part of the organisation of ever living creature is due to inheritance; and consequently, though each bein assuredly is well fitted for its place in nature, many structures have no no very close and direct relation to present habits of life.
But a the original species (I) differed largely from (A), standing nearly at th extreme end of the original genus, the six descendants from (I) will, owin to inheritance alone, differ considerably from the eight descendants fro (A); the two groups, moreover, are supposed to have gone on diverging i different directions.
But according to the view that all the species of a genus though distributed to the most remote points of the world, are descende from a single progenitor, we ought to find, and I believe as a general rul we do find, that some at least of the species range very widely.
But after all, th cause more probably lies in some imperfection in the original act o impregnation, causing the embryo to be imperfectly developed, rather tha in the conditions to which it is subsequently exposed.
But after very long interval of time, and after great geographical changes, permitting muc intermigration, the feebler will yield to the more dominant forms, an there will be nothing immutable in the distribution of organic beings.
But again, think if the destruction or serious injury of a man momentarily overcome by wrath or folly can be any atonement to the commonwealth? Surely it can only be an additional injury to it.
But against the belief i such abrupt changes, embryology enters a strong protest.
But al geologists, excepting the few who believe that our present metamorphi schists and plutonic rocks once formed the primordial nucleus of the globe will admit that these latter rocks have been stripped of their covering t an enormous extent.
But alas! the squire was sick and peevish; he had been all day glooming over Dick's estrangement - for so he put it to himself, and now with growls, cold words, and the cold shoulder, he beat off all advances, and entrenched himself in a just resentment.
But alas, that very evening destroyed it all.
But already Grimm ha shown that another fly, a Chironomus, reproduces itself in nearly the sam manner, and he believes that this occurs frequently in the order.
But also it is clear that it won't do to overdose you with information about this place, and that you had best suck it in little by little.
But analogy ma be a deceitful guide.
But another agency is perhaps mor effectual:  I suspended the feet of a duck in an aquarium, where many ov of fresh-water shells were hatching; and I found that numbers of th extremely minute and just-hatched shells crawled on the feet, and clung t them so firmly that when taken out of the water they could not be jarre off, though at a somewhat more advanced age they would voluntarily dro off.
But another curious thing happened: a band of young men of the upper classes armed themselves, and coolly went marauding in the streets, taking what suited them of such eatables and portables that they came across in the shops which had ventured to open.
But any morning will do for this.
But are you so insensible as you profess yourself? No, no, I see you are not.
But as I conclude that she must wish to go, since all young people like to be together, I can see no reason why she should be denied the indulgence.
But as I know your purpose is to do me good, and as I hope to live to be another man from what I was, I am prepared to bear you company, and do it with a thankful heart.
But as a general rule, the mor diversified in structure the descendants from any one species can b rendered, the more places they will be enabled to seize on, and the mor their modified progeny will increase.
But as ants which are not slave-makers, will, as I have seen carry off pupae of other species, if scattered near their nests, it i possible that such pupae originally stored as food might become developed and the foreign ants thus unintentionally reared would then follow thei proper instincts, and do what work they could.
But as he proceeded in his story, these fears were over.
But as his opinions fluctuated greatly a different periods, and as he does not enter on the causes or means of th transformation of species, I need not here enter on details.
But as it is - I must speak plainly - what you propose is degrading to you, and an insult to me, and a rank unkindness to your father.
But as it was, they parted with looks on his side of grateful affection, and with some very precious sensations on hers.
But as it was, things soon righted themselves.
But as it would not indicate the quarter from which it was coming, would you have the merchant ship always remain in port till the barometer showed fine weather?
But as long as selection i rapidly going on, much variability in the parts undergoing modification ma always be expected.
But as species are more variable when domesticated or cultivated than unde their natural conditions, it is not probable that such great and abrup variations have often occurred under nature, as are known occasionally t arise under domestication.
But as such were Fanny's persuasions, she suffered very much from them, and could never speak of Miss Crawford without pain.
But as the excretion is extremel viscid, it is no doubt a convenience to the aphides to have it removed therefore probably they do not excrete solely for the good of the ants.
But as the variability of the extraordinarily developed par or organ has been so great and long-continued within a period no excessively remote, we might, as a general rule, still expect to find mor variability in such parts than in other parts of the organisation whic have remained for a much longer period nearly constant.
But as the vast majority o the species in the above two families, as well as most other crustaceans are aquatic in their habits, it is improbable in the highest degree tha their common progenitor should have been adapted for breathing air.
But as these animals and their spawn ar immediately killed (with the exception, as far as known, of one India species) by sea-water, there would be great difficulty in their transporta across the sea, and therefore we can see why they do not exist on strictl oceanic islands.
But as these are matters of general assent, which nobody dreams of objecting to, so also we have made no provision for enforcing them: therefore I don't call them laws.
But as these four last-mentioned instruments are scarcely so familiar as the simplest form of barometer, it may be useful to add a few words about each of them.
But as these tw groups have gone on diverging in character from the type of their parents the new species (F14) will not be directly intermediate between them, bu rather between types of the two groups; and every naturalist will be abl to call such cases before his mind.
But as to the great improvement of the nineteenth century, I don't see it.
But as variations manifestly useful o pleasing to man appear only occasionally, the chance of their appearanc will be much increased by a large number of individuals being kept.
But ask on, ask on! don't be shy of asking.
But assuredly, i this theory be true, such have lived upon the earth.
But at least she is spared the fear (it was most commonly the certainty) that artificial disabilities would make her children something less than men and women: she knows that they will live and act according to the measure of their own faculties.
But at other times doubt and alarm intermingled with his hopes; and when he thought of her acknowledged disinclination for privacy and retirement, her decided preference of a London life, what could he expect but a determined rejection? unless it were an acceptance even more to be deprecated, demanding such sacrifices of situation and employment on his side as conscience must forbid.
But at your time of life to feel all this, is a most favourable circumstance for yourself, and for everybody connected with you; and I am sensible of the importance of having an ally of such weight.
But before he shut his heavy door, he walked through his rooms to see that all was right.
But before she had come to the garden gate, out came Dick and Clara, who, after a minute's pause, came down to meet me, leaving Ellen in the garden; then we three went down to the boat, talking mere morning prattle.
But before that time we shall be ready with the money; and even though we were not, it would be a bad fortune indeed to find so merciless a creditor in his successor.
But being thoroughly good-natured, and not much caring what they laughed at, so that they laughed at any rate, he encouraged them in their merriment, and passed the bottle joyously.
But besides C. livia, with it geographical sub-species, only two or three other species of rock-pigeon are known; and these have not any of the characters of the domestic breeds.
But birds breeding on precipices, and good flyers, are unlikely t be exterminated; and the common rock-pigeon, which has the same habits wit the domestic breeds, has not been exterminated even on several of th smaller British islets, or on the shores of the Mediterranean.
But breed her up with them from this time, and suppose her even to have the beauty of an angel, and she will never be more to either than a sister.
But by G - , you lost a fine sight by not being here in the morning to see the Thrush go out of harbour! I would not have been out of the way for a thousand pounds.
But cases of great difficulty, which I will not her enumerate, sometimes arise in deciding whether or not to rank one form as  variety of another, even when they are closely connected by intermediat links; nor will the commonly assumed hybrid nature of the intermediat forms always remove the difficulty.
But causes of serious error her intervene:  a plant, to be hybridised, must be castrated, and, what i often more important, must be secluded in order to prevent pollen bein brought to it by insects from other plants.
But certain Jurassic an Triassic forms are now commonly admitted to be teleostean; and even som palaeozoic forms have thus been classed by one high authority.
But certainly the people of those days must have been a curiously lazy set.
But come along; here is a place just handy.
But come ashore at once, Dick, and you, dear neighbours; there is a break in the reeds and a good landing-place just round the corner.
But dear Maria has such a strict sense of propriety, so much of that true delicacy which one seldom meets with nowadays, Mrs. Rushworth - that wish of avoiding particularity! Dear ma'am, only look at her face at this moment; how different from what it was the two last dances! Miss Bertram did indeed look happy, her eyes were sparkling with pleasure, and she was speaking with great animation, for Julia and her partner, Mr. Crawford, were close to her; they were all in a cluster together.
But do not stay here to be cold.
But do they really believe that at innumerable periods in the earth' history certain elemental atoms have been commanded suddenly to flash int living tissues?  Do they believe that at each supposed act of creation on individual or many were produced?  Were all the infinitely numerous kind of animals and plants created as eggs or seed, or as full grown? and in th case of mammals, were they created bearing the false marks of nourishmen from the mother's womb?  Undoubtedly some of these same questions cannot b answered by those who believe in the appearance or creation of only a fe forms of life or of some one form alone.
But during the process of modification, represented in the diagram, anothe of our principles, namely that of extinction, will have played an importan part.
But each fauna is not necessarily exactly intermediate as unequal intervals of time have elapsed between consecutive formations.
But enough of this.
But even here, two men who watched the light had made a fire, that through the loophole in the thick stone wall shed out a ray of brightness on the awful sea.
But even some o these so-called epidemics appear to be due to parasitic worms, which hav from some cause, possibly in part through facility of diffusion among th crowded animals, been disproportionally favoured:  and here comes in a sor of struggle between the parasite and its prey.
But even such structures have often, as we ma feel assured, been subsequently taken advantage of, and still furthe modified, for the good of species under new conditions of life.
But excuse me for being so prolix on this question! You know you asked to be treated like a being from another planet.
But finding that he turned uncomfortably cold when he began to wonder which of his curtains this new spectre would draw back, he put them every one aside with his own hands; and lying down again, established a sharp look-out all round the bed.
But first let us look to a few analogous cases in ou domestic varieties.
But for the most part they practised 'masterly inactivity,' as it was then called - that is, they drew their salaries, and let things alone.
But for this it would have been difficult to detach its figure from the night, and separate it from the darkness by which it was surrounded.
But from reasons already assigned I can by no means agree wit this naturalist, that migration and isolation are necessary elements fo the formation of new species.
But from th strong growth of young plants produced from such seeds, as peas and beans when sown in the midst of long grass, it may be suspected that the chie use of the nutriment in the seed is to favour the growth of the seedlings whilst struggling with other plants growing vigorously all around.
But geology show us, that from an early part of the tertiary period the number of species o shells, and that from the middle part of this same period, the number o mammals has not greatly or at all increased.
But go on, go on.
But h who will take the trouble to reflect on the steps by which this firs degree of sterility could be increased through natural selection to tha high degree which is common with so many species, and which is universa with species which have been differentiated to a generic or family rank will find the subject extraordinarily complex.
But had she been less obstinate, or of less weight with her son, who was always guided by the last speaker, by the person who could get hold of and shut him up, the case would still have been hopeless, for Mrs. Rushworth did not appear again, and there was every reason to conclude her to be concealed somewhere with Mr. Crawford, who had quitted his uncle's house, as for a journey, on the very day of her absenting herself.
But have you heard about the Thrush? She is gone out of harbour already; three days before we had any thought of it; and I do not know what I am to do about Sam's things, they will never be ready in time; for she may have her orders to-morrow, perhaps.
But have you no laws of the market, so to say - no regulation for the exchange of wares? for you must exchange, even if you have no property.
But he couldn't replenish it, for Scrooge kept the coal-box in his own room; and so surely as the clerk came in with the shovel, the master predicted that it would be necessary for them to part.
But he does not show how selection acts unde nature.
But he has now received  trustworthy account of a young cuckoo which was actually seen, while stil blind and not able even to hold up its own head, in the act of ejecting it foster-brothers.
But he likewise believed in a law of progressiv development, and as all the forms of life thus tend to progress, in orde to account for the existence at the present day of simple productions, h maintains that such forms are now spontaneously generated.
But he put his hand upon the key he had relinquished, turned it sturdily, walked in, and lighted his candle.
But he raised them speedily, on hearing his own name.
But he threw himself before her.
But he was master at Mansfield Park.
But he was pressed to stay for Mrs. Fraser's party; his staying was made of flattering consequence, and he was to meet Mrs. Rushworth there.
But he will be very much surprised that Mrs. Grant should ask Fanny at all.
But her chief strength lay in Sotherton.
But her uncle's anger gave her the severest pain of all.
But here he comes again.
But here she hoped too much; Miss Crawford was not the slave of opportunity.
But here we enter on a very intricat subject, for naturalists have not defined to each other's satisfaction wha is meant by an advance in organisation.
But hereditary diseases an some other facts make me believe that the rule has a wider extension, an that, when there is no apparent reason why a peculiarity should appear a any particular age, yet that it does tend to appear in the offspring at th same period at which it first appeared in the parent.
But his heart failed him when he saw the squire; and he remained.
But his intention, the kindness of his intention, was thankfully acknowledged: quite thankfully and warmly, for she was elevated beyond the common timidity of her mind by the flow of her love for William.
But how false  view is this!  Every one has heard that when an American forest is cu down, a very different vegetation springs up; but it has been observed tha ancient Indian ruins in the Southern United States, which must formerl have been cleared of trees, now display the same beautiful diversity an proportion of kinds as in the surrounding virgin forests.
But how important a element enclosure is, I plainly saw near Farnham, in Surrey.
But how is it that many of th immigrants have been differently modified, though only in a small degree in islands situated within sight of each other, having the same geologica nature, the same height, climate, etc?  This long appeared to me a grea difficulty:  but it arises in chief part from the deeply-seated error o considering the physical conditions of a country as the most important whereas it cannot be disputed that the nature of the other species wit which each has to compete, is at least as important, and generally a fa more important element of success.
But how much greater was his horror, when the phantom taking off the bandage round its head, as if it were too warm to wear indoors, its lower jaw dropped down upon its breast Scrooge fell upon his knees, and clasped his hands before his face.
But how often do we see along the bases o retreating cliffs rounded boulders, all thickly clothed by marin productions, showing how little they are abraded and how seldom they ar rolled about!  Moreover, if we follow for a few miles any line of rock cliff, which is undergoing degradation, we find that it is only here an there, along a short length or round a promontory, that the cliffs are a the present time suffering.
But how, it may be asked, can any analogous principle apply in nature?   believe it can and does apply most efficiently (though it was a long tim before I saw how), from the simple circumstance that the more diversifie the descendants from any one species become in structure, constitution, an habits, by so much will they be better enabled to seize on many and widel diversified places in the polity of nature, and so be enabled to increas in numbers.
But however, what with the beasts and the men, and the scattered red-tiled roofs and the big hayricks, it does not make a bad holiday to get a quiet pony and ride about there on a sunny afternoon of autumn, and look over the river and the craft passing up and down, and on to Shooters' Hill and the Kentish uplands, and then turn round to the wide green sea of the Essex marsh-land, with the great domed line of the sky, and the sun shining down in one flood of peaceful light over the long distance.
But humanity has triumphed over clothes; the look, the touch of a dress has become alive; and the woman who stitched herself into these material integuments has now permeated right through and gone out to the tip of her skirt.
But i harmonises perfectly with the view that there is no essential distinctio between species and varieties.
But i many other cases, in which we have reason to believe that the species of  genus have been produced within comparatively recent times, there is grea difficulty on this head.
But i the beautifully plumed seed of the dandelion, and in the flattened an fringed legs of the water-beetle, the relation seems at first confined t the elements of air and water.
But i variations useful to any organic being ever do occur, assuredly individual thus characterised will have the best chance of being preserved in th struggle for life; and from the strong principle of inheritance, these wil tend to produce offspring similarly characterised.
But if I can be the means of restraining the publicity of the business, of limiting the exhibition, of concentrating our folly, I shall be well repaid.
But if I had more room, I should take a prodigious delight in improving and planting.
But if he had cut the end of his nose off, he would have put a piece of sticking-plaister over it, and been quite satisfied.
But if he wrote to his father, no wonder he was concise.
But if hi observations be widely extended he will in the end generally be able t make up his own mind; but he will succeed in this at the expense o admitting much variation, and the truth of this admission will often b disputed by other naturalists.
But if the Government could have treated their army as a real army, and used them strategically as a general would have done, looking on the people as a mere open enemy to be shot at and dispersed wherever they turned up, they would probably have gained the victory at the time.
But if the area be large its several districts will almost certainly present different conditions o life; and then, if the same species undergoes modification in differen districts, the newly formed varieties will intercross on the confines o each.
But if the conferva o parasitic fungus exceeds its allies in the above respects, it will then b dominant within its own class.
But if the sam species can be produced at two separate points, why do we not find a singl mammal common to Europe and Australia or South America?  The conditions o life are nearly the same, so that a multitude of European animals an plants have become naturalised in America and Australia; and some of th aboriginal plants are identically the same at these distant points of th northern and southern hemispheres?  The answer, as I believe, is, tha mammals have not been able to migrate, whereas some plants, from thei varied means of dispersal, have migrated across the wide and broke interspaces.
But if w compare these species where they intermingle, they are generally a absolutely distinct from each other in every detail of structure as ar specimens taken from the metropolis inhabited by each.
But if we deny this, we must make one of the two followin highly improbable suppositions.
But if you do not like it, there is no more to be said.
But if you were free today, tomorrow, yesterday, can even I believe that you would choose a dowerless girl - you who, in your very confidence with her, weigh everything by Gain: or, choosing her, if for a moment you were false enough to your one guiding principle to do so, do I not know that your repentance and regret would surely follow? I do; and I release you.
But if your mind is made up, so be it; I will beg no longer; I give you my orders; and I will not allow - not allow you to go hence alone.
But if, in fact, al hermaphrodites do occasionally intercross, the difference between them an unisexual species is, as far as function is concerned, very small.
But in Manchester, where the people were not so courageous or not so desperate as in London, several of the popular leaders were arrested.
But in a natural classification many fossi species certainly stand between living species, and some extinct gener between living genera, even between genera belonging to distinct families.
But in addition to this, several bakers' shops and other provision stores had been emptied without a great deal of disturbance.
But in all cases, speculation on an instinct known to u only in a single species, is useless, for we have hitherto had no facts t guide us.
But in all the foregoing cases the insects in their original state no doub presented some rude and accidental resemblance to an object commonly foun in the stations frequented by them.
But in any case I shouldn't have kept you out of it for long, since I am due in the hay-fields in a few days.
But in ascending the series from simple twiners to leaf-climbers an important quality is added, namely sensitiveness to a touch, by whic means the foot-stalks of the leaves or flowers, or these modified an converted into tendrils, are excited to bend round and clasp the touchin object.
But in making these and the following remarks, I am compelle to allude to subjects hereafter to be discussed.
But in many cases victory depends not so much o general vigour, but on having special weapons, confined to the male sex.
But in most points, the theory accorded rudely with the facts; and its author had calculated the relative position of the caraffe, the table, the walls, the chimney piece ornaments and the eight-day clock, to the millionth place of decimals, for his instruments and methods were exquisitely fine.
But in some gener the larvae become developed into hermaphrodites having the ordinar structure, or into what I have called complemental males; and in the latte the development has assuredly been retrograde; for the male is a mere sack which lives for a short time and is destitute of mouth, stomach, and ever other organ of importance, excepting those for reproduction.
But in some of these plant the seeds also differ in shape and sculpture.
But in spite of all that had happened, my hand went down into my pocket again, where to my dismay it met nothing metallic except two rusty old keys, and I remembered that amidst our talk in the guest-hall at Hammersmith I had taken the cash out of my pocket to show to the pretty Annie, and had left it lying there.
But in th case of an island, or of a country partly surrounded by barriers, int which new and better adapted forms could not freely enter, we should the have places in the economy of nature which would assuredly be better fille up if some of the original inhabitants were in some manner modified; for had the area been open to immigration, these same places would have bee seized on by intruders.
But in the caves o Brazil there are many extinct species which are closely allied in size an in all other characters to the species still living in South America; an some of these fossils may have been the actual progenitors of the livin species.
But in the great majority of cases, namely, with al organisms which habitually unite for each birth, or which occasionall intercross, the individuals of the same species inhabiting the same are will be kept nearly uniform by intercrossing; so that many individuals wil go on simultaneously changing, and the whole amount of modification at eac stage will not be due to descent from a single parent.
But in the intermediat region, having intermediate conditions of life, why do we not now fin closely-linking intermediate varieties?  This difficulty for a long tim quite confounded me.
But in the meantime you must go home.
But in the meantime, sir, no false pride; we must stay with our friends; we must sponge a while on Papa Van Tromp, who has sponged so often upon us.
But in these and in many other cases Gartner is obliged carefully to count the seeds, in order to show tha there is any degree of sterility.
But in those past days you, grandfather, would have had to work hard after you were old; and would have been always afraid of having to be shut up in a kind of prison along with other old men, half-starved and without amusement.
But insuperable difficulties, as i seems to me, prevent us from coming to any just conclusion on this head.
But it by no means follows that, because in a island nearly all the species of one class are peculiar, those of anothe class, or of another section of the same class, are peculiar; and thi difference seems to depend partly on the species which are not modifie having immigrated in a body, so that their mutual relations have not bee much disturbed; and partly on the frequent arrival of unmodified immigrant from the mother-country, with which the insular forms have intercrossed.
But it cannot be supposed that th peculiar speckled appearance of the upper side of the sole, so like th sandy bed of the sea, or the power in some species, as recently shown b Pouchet, of changing their colour in accordance with the surroundin surface, or the presence of bony tubercles on the upper side of the turbot are due to the action of the light.
But it deserves especial notice that the more importan objections relate to questions on which we are confessedly ignorant; nor d we know how ignorant we are.
But it did not answer on that score; for of course people came there, as the place is not a desert, and they seemed to find me all the more interesting for living alone like that, and fell to making stories of me to themselves - like I know you did, my friend.
But it did not last long, only about a year.
But it did not work smoothly; it was, of course, resisted at every turn by the capitalists; and no wonder, for it tended more and more to upset the commercial system I have told you of; without providing anything really effective in its place.
But it does not follow fro this fact that the structure of each squirrel is the best that it i possible to conceive under all possible conditions.
But it had undergone a surprising transformation.
But it is also necessar to assume that many sub-arctic and some few temperate forms were the sam round the world, for some of the species which now exist on the lowe mountain slopes and on the plains of North America and Europe are the same and it may be asked how I account for this degree of uniformity of th sub-arctic and temperate forms round the world, at the commencement of th real Glacial period.
But it is by no means obvious, on th ordinary view, why the structure of the embryo should be more important fo this purpose than that of the adult, which alone plays its full part in th economy of nature.
But it is capable of much more.
But it is conceivable that the now utterly lost branchia might have been gradually worked in by natural selection for some distinc purpose:  for instance, Landois has shown that the wings of insects ar developed from the trachea; it is therefore highly probable that in thi great class organs which once served for respiration have been actuall converted into organs for flight.
But it is impossible to attribute to this cause th innumerable structures which are so well adapted to the habits of life o each species.
But it is impossible to resist th evidence of the existence of a certain amount of sterility in the fe following cases, which I will briefly abstract.
But it is not to be a display of that sort.
But it is very far from true that th principle is a modern discovery.
But it is very foolish to ask questions about any young ladies - about any three sisters just grown up; for one knows, without being told, exactly what they are: all very accomplished and pleasing, and one very pretty.
But it is very pleasant there, partly because of the splendour of the architecture, which goes further than what you will see elsewhere.
But it may be objected that if all organic beings thus tend to rise in th scale, how is it that throughout the world a multitude of the lowest form still exist; and how is it that in each great class some forms are far mor highly developed than others?  Why have not the more highly developed form every where supplanted and exterminated the lower?  Lamarck, who believe in an innate and inevitable tendency towards perfection in all organi beings, seems to have felt this difficulty so strongly that he was led t suppose that new and simple forms are continually being produced b spontaneous generation.
But it may be urged that when several closely allied species inhabit th same territory, we surely ought to find at the present time man transitional forms.
But it must often have happened that a ne species belonging to some one group has seized on the place occupied by  species belonging to a distinct group, and thus have caused it extermination.
But it was not to be avoided: he made her feel that she was the object of all; though she could not say that it was unpleasantly done, that there was indelicacy or ostentation in his manner; and sometimes, when he talked of William, he was really not unagreeable, and shewed even a warmth of heart which did him credit.
But it was not to be.
But it was possible to part with her, because Susan remained to supply her place.
But it was very different.
But it was, of course, clear that unless this meant a higher price for work per hour, it would be a mere nullity, and that the masters, unless forced, would reduce it to that.
But it will have bee otherwise with the nascent giraffe, considering its probable habits o life; for those individuals which had some one part or several parts o their bodies rather more elongated than usual, would generally hav survived.
But it will not.
But it would b a serious error to suppose that the greater number of instincts have bee acquired by habit in one generation, and then transmitted by inheritance t succeeding generations.
But it would be superfluous to discuss this question in detail:  for wit plants we have conclusive evidence that the sterility of crossed specie must be due to some principle, quite independent of natural selection.
But it would in most cases be extremely rash t attribute to convergence a close and general similarity of structure in th modified descendants of widely distinct forms.
But its best ornament was the crowd of handsome, happy-looking men and women that were set down to table, and who, with their bright faces and rich hair over their gay holiday raiment, looked, as the Persian poet puts it, like a bed of tulips in the sun.
But just as Dick was getting the sculls into the rowlocks, the bows of another boat came thrusting through the low arch.
But just in proportion as this process of extermination has acted on a enormous scale, so must the number of intermediate varieties, which hav formerly existed, be truly enormous.
But later on, I hope, we may have some more talk together, when our friend Dick isn't here.
But let it be born in mind, in relation to the subject of this work, what a hundred year implies, represented as it is by a measure utterly insignificant in a hal of the above dimensions.
But let me remind you that you owe some apologies to this young lady also.
But let th destruction of the adults be ever so heavy, if the number which can exis in any district be not wholly kept down by such causes - or again let th destruction of eggs or seeds be so great that only a hundredth or  thousandth part are developed - yet of those which do survive, the bes adapted individuals, supposing that there is any variability in  favourable direction, will tend to propagate their kind in larger number than the less well adapted.
But let that pass.
But let us look to th familiar case of the breeds of dogs:  it cannot be doubted that youn pointers (I have myself seen striking instances) will sometimes point an even back other dogs the very first time that they are taken out retrieving is certainly in some degree inherited by retrievers; and  tendency to run round, instead of at, a flock of sheep, by shepherd-dogs.
But let us suppose that this latter circumstanc determined, as it probably often has determined, whether a bee allied t our humble-bees could exist in large numbers in any country; and let u further suppose that the community lived through the winter, an consequently required a store of honey:  there can in this case be no doub that it would be an advantage to our imaginary humble-bee if a sligh modification of her instincts led her to make her waxen cells nea together, so as to intersect a little; for a wall in common even to tw adjoining cells would save some little labour and wax.
But let us walk, if you prefer it.
But look you, just in the degree that a man had elevation of mind and refinement enough to be able to value this idea, was he repelled by the obvious aspect of the individuals composing the mass which he was to worship; and he could only evade that repulsion by making a conventional abstraction of mankind that had little actual or historical relation to the race; which to his eyes was divided into blind tyrants on the one hand and apathetic degraded slaves on the other.
But mama kept it from her, and was always letting Betsey get hold of it; and the end of it would be that Betsey would spoil it, and get it for her own, though mama had promised her that Betsey should not have it in her own hands.
But mammals and fish hardly come into competition with eac other; the advancement of the whole class of mammals, or of certain member in this class, to the highest grade would not lead to their taking th place of fishes.
But man can and does select th variations given to him by nature, and thus accumulates them in any desire manner.
But man often neglects his perceptive and reasoning powers; neither himself observes, nor attends to the observations of others, unless special inclination or circumstances stimulate attention to the subject.
But manner Fanny did not want.
But many naturalists think that something more is meant b the Natural System; they believe that it reveals the plan of the Creator but unless it be specified whether order in time or space, or both, or wha else is meant by the plan of the Creator, it seems to me that nothing i thus added to our knowledge.
But may not the areas o preponderant movement have changed in the lapse of ages?  At a period lon antecedent to the Cambrian epoch, continents may have existed where ocean are now spread out, and clear and open oceans may have existed where ou continents now stand.
But may not this inference b presumptuous?  Have we any right to assume that the Creator works b intellectual powers like those of man?  If we must compare the eye to a optical instrument, we ought in imagination to take a thick layer o transparent tissue, with spaces filled with fluid, and with a nerv sensitive to light beneath, and then suppose every part of this layer to b continually changing slowly in density, so as to separate into layers o different densities and thicknesses, placed at different distances fro each other, and with the surfaces of each layer slowly changing in form.
But morphology is a much more complex subject than it at first appears, a has lately been well shown in a remarkable paper by Mr. E. Ray Lankester who has drawn an important distinction between certain classes of case which have all been equally ranked by naturalists as homologous.
But my astonishment was groundless.
But my father used to know some of them when they were young; and he said that they were as little like young women as might be: they had hands like bunches of skewers, and wretched little arms like sticks; and waists like hour-glasses, and thin lips and peaked noses and pale cheeks; and they were always pretending to be offended at anything you said or did to them.
But my friend Walter Allen, who asked me to stop here, lives in a house, not very big, which has been built here lately, because these meadows are so much liked, especially in summer, that there was getting to be rather too much of tenting on the open field; so the parishes here about, who rather objected to that, built three houses between this and Caversham, and quite a large one at Basildon, a little higher up.
But my tables furthe show that, in any limited country, the species which are the most common that is abound most in individuals, and the species which are most widel diffused within their own country (and this is a different consideratio from wide range, and to a certain extent from commonness), oftenest giv rise to varieties sufficiently well-marked to have been recorded i botanical works.
But my work had hardly been published, when  skilful palaeontologist, M. Bosquet, sent me a drawing of a perfec specimen of an unmistakable sessile cirripede, which he had himsel extracted from the chalk of Belgium.
But natural selection can and does often produce structures fo the direct injury of other animals, as we see in the fang of the adder, an in the ovipositor of the ichneumon, by which its eggs are deposited in th living bodies of other insects.
But no change came as yet, and my heart swelled with joy as I thought of all the beautiful grey villages, from the river to the plain and the plain to the uplands, which I could picture to myself so well, all peopled now with this happy and lovely folk, who had cast away riches and attained to wealth.
But no observer can determine for another even if he can do so for himself, which of these Phytophagic forms ought t be called species and which varieties.
But no on probably will dispute that the butterfly is higher than the caterpillar.
But nothing doubting that to whomsoever they applied they had some latent moral for his own improvement, he resolved to treasure up every word he heard, and everything he saw; and especially to observe the shadow of himself when it appeared.
But nothing was of avail against the squire.
But now I must be satisfied about Miss Price.
But now a knocking at the door was heard, and such a rush immediately ensued that she with laughing face and plundered dress was borne towards it the centre of a flushed and boisterous group, just in time to greet the father, who came home attended by a man laden with Christmas toys and presents.
But now hadn't we better make haste to see your great-grandfather? In fact, I could not help seeing that he was rather dallying with the time.
But now it's time for you to be gone, if you are to have the best of the tide, and also of the sunny morning.
But now that the times called for immediate action, came forward the men capable of setting it on foot; and a new network of workmen's associations grew up very speedily, whose avowed single object was the tiding over of the ship of the community into a simple condition of Communism; and as they practically undertook also the management of the ordinary labour-war, they soon became the mouthpiece and intermediary of the whole of the working classes; and the manufacturing profit-grinders now found themselves powerless before this combination; unless their committee, Parliament, plucked up courage to begin the civil war again, and to shoot right and left, they were bound to yield to the demands of the men whom they employed, and pay higher and higher wages for shorter and shorter day's work.
But now that they were alone, she became conscious of a barrier between her lover and herself, and alarm sprang up in her heart.
But now, Guest, we are so near to my old kinsman's dwelling-place that I think you had better keep all future questions for him.
But now, Mr. Croll, in a series of admirable memoirs, ha attempted to show that a glacial condition of climate is the result o various physical causes, brought into operation by an increase in th eccentricity of the earth's orbit.
But now, where is the difficulty in accepting the religion of humanity, when the men and women who go to make up humanity are free, happy, and energetic at least, and most commonly beautiful of body also, and surrounded by beautiful things of their own fashioning, and a nature bettered and not worsened by contact with mankind? This is what this age of the world has reserved for us.
But o the view of each species constantly trying to increase in number, wit natural selection always ready to adapt the slowly varying descendants o each to any unoccupied or ill-occupied place in nature, these facts ceas to be strange, or might even have been anticipated.
But of course he could live in a prettier house if he liked: he is not obliged to live in one place any more than any one else.
But of course to the privileged classes it seemed as if the end of the world were come when such laws were enacted.
But of what? What had I been saying to displease you? Did you think me speaking improperly, lightly, irreverently on the subject? Only tell me if I was.
But on looking closely between the stems of th heath, I found a multitude of seedlings and little trees, which had bee perpetually browsed down by the cattle.
But on the Monday in question the Committee of Public Safety, on the one hand afraid of general unorganised pillage, and on the other emboldened by the wavering conduct of the authorities, sent a deputation provided with carts and all necessary gear to clear out two or three big provision stores in the centre of the town, leaving papers with the shop managers promising to pay the price of them: and also in the part of the town where they were strongest they took possession of several bakers' shops and set men at work in them for the benefit of the people; - all of which was done with little or no disturbance, the police assisting in keeping order at the sack of the stores, as they would have done at a big fire.
But on the view that groups of species are descended fro some other species, and have been modified through natural selection,  think we can obtain some light.
But on the view that species ar only strongly marked and fixed varieties, we might expect often to fin them still continuing to vary in those parts of their structure which hav varied within a moderately recent period, and which have thus come t differ.
But one of these five varieties, when used either as the fathe or mother, and crossed with the Nicotiana glutinosa, always yielded hybrid not so sterile as those which were produced from the four other varietie when crossed with N. glutinosa.
But perhaps you mean that you have read about it in books, and seen pictures of it? - though that does not come to much, either.
But plants possess, in obedience to various stimuli powers of movement, which are of manifest importance to them; for instance towards and more rarely from the light - in opposition to, and more rarel in the direction of, the attraction of gravity.
But probably the most important element i that the animal or plant should be so highly valued by man, that th closest attention is paid to even the slightest deviations in its qualitie or structure.
But reflection brought better feelings, and shewed her that Mrs. Grant was entitled to respect, which could never have belonged to her; and that, had she received even the greatest, she could never have been easy in joining a scheme which, considering only her uncle, she must condemn altogether.
But scorning rest, upon his reappearance, he instantly began again, though there were no dancers yet, as if the other fiddler had been carried home, exhausted, on a shutter, and he were a bran-new man resolved to beat him out of sight, or perish.
But seals would not find on oceanic islands the condition favourable to their gradual reconversion into a terrestrial form.
But see, here is a stranger who is willing to amuse me to-day by taking me as his guide about our country-side, and you may imagine I don't want to lose the opportunity; so you had better take to the boat at once.
But severa seedling mistletoes, growing close together on the same branch, may mor truly be said to struggle with each other.
But she had more than fears of her own perseverance to remove: she had begun to feel undecided as to what she ought to do; and as she walked round the room her doubts were increasing.
But she had scarcely entered, when another woman, similarly laden, came in too; and she was closely followed by a man in faded black, who was no less startled by the sight of them, than they had been upon the recognition of each other.
But she has always done justice to you.
But she joined in the forfeits, and loved her love to admiration with all the letters of the alphabet.
But she still tried to believe it no more than what he might often have expressed towards her cousins and fifty other women.
But she was so wholly unused to confer favours, except on the very poor, so unpractised in removing evils, or bestowing kindnesses among her equals, and so fearful of appearing to elevate herself as a great lady at home, that it took some time to determine that it would not be unbecoming in her to make such a present.
But slowly as the recovery came, it did come; and the more you see of us, the clearer it will be to you that we are happy.
But so many causes tend to obscure thi result, that I am surprised that my tables show even a small majority o the side of the larger genera.
But som arguments of the greatest weight extend very far.
But some people like their looks better than ours; they say they have more character in them - that's the word.
But soon the steeples called good people all, to church and chapel, and away they came, flocking through the streets in their best clothes, and with their gayest faces.
But still I am not frightened.
But still his attentions made no part of her satisfaction.
But still there are man hermaphrodite animals which certainly do not habitually pair, and a vas majority of plants are hermaphrodites.
But success wil often depend on the males having special weapons or means of defence o charms; and a slight advantage will lead to victory.
But such  case would imply that one form had remained for a very long perio unaltered, whilst its descendants had undergone a vast amount of change and the principle of competition between organism and organism, betwee child and parent, will render this a very rare event; for in all cases th new and improved forms of life tend to supplant the old and unimprove forms.
But such cases are certainly exceptional; the general rule being a gradua increase in number, until the group reaches its maximum, and then, soone or later, a gradual decrease.
But such is not the case.
But suppose a long reservoir or canal of fluid which has two such points of exhaustion or two of such repletion, and that one of either is near each end of the vessel.
But supposing for a instant, in this and other such cases, that the record of the firs appearance and disappearance of the species was complete, which is far fro the case, we have no reason to believe that forms successively produce necessarily endure for corresponding lengths of time.
But supposing the affair proposed and seconded, if a few of the neighbours disagree to it, if they think that the beastly iron bridge will serve a little longer and they don't want to be bothered with building a new one just then, they don't count heads that time, but put off the formal discussion to the next Mote; and meantime arguments pro and con are flying about, and some get printed, so that everybody knows what is going on; and when the Mote comes together again there is a regular discussion and at last a vote by show of hands.
But surely there need be no wonder in that, since you have been travelling; and clearly from all you have been saying, in unsocial countries.
But t discuss whether they ought to be called species or varieties, before an definition of these terms has been generally accepted, is vainly to bea the air.
But t suppose that most of the many now existing low forms have not in the leas advanced since the first dawn of life would be extremely rash; for ever naturalist who has dissected some of the beings now ranked as very low i the scale, must have been struck with their really wondrous and beautifu organisation.
But taste was too strong in her.
But terrible tragedy lay hidden behind this grinning through a horse-collar of the reactionary party.
But th fertility of first crosses is likewise innately variable; for it is no always the same in degree when the same two species are crossed under th same circumstances; it depends in part upon the constitution of th individuals which happen to have been chosen for the experiment.
But th geographical and climatical changes which have certainly occurred withi recent geological times, must have rendered discontinuous the formerl continuous range of many species.
But th important fact for us is that, though the workers can be grouped int castes of different sizes, yet they graduate insensibly into each other, a does the widely-different structure of their jaws.
But th main cause lies in the fact that under very simple conditions of life  high organisation would be of no service - possibly would be of actua disservice, as being of a more delicate nature, and more liable to be pu out of order and injured.
But th young kangaroo is said not to suck, only to cling to the nipple of it mother, who has the power of injecting milk into the mouth of her helpless half-formed offspring.
But that our rule is not confined to secondary sexua characters is clearly shown in the case of hermaphrodite cirripedes;  particularly attended to Mr. Waterhouse's remark, whilst investigating thi order, and I am fully convinced that the rule almost always holds good.
But the Admiral, after a pause, decided for the brandy at home, and made off in that direction.
But the American cuckoo is in this predicament, for sh makes her own nest and has eggs and young successively hatched, all at th same time.
But the amount of modification which the different groups hav undergone has to be expressed by ranking them under different so-calle genera, subfamilies, families, sections, orders, and classes.
But the best evidence of analogou variations is afforded by parts or organs which are generally constant i character, but which occasionally vary so as to resemble, in some degree the same part or organ in an allied species.
But the bulb of the tube is full of mercury which contracts by cold, and swells by heat - according to which effect the thread of metal in the small tube is drawn down or pushed up so many degrees: and thus shows the temperature.
But the cas of the short-faced tumbler, which when twelve hours old possessed it proper characters, proves that this is not the universal rule; for here th characteristic differences must either have appeared at an earlier perio than usual, or, if not so, the differences must have been inherited, not a a corresponding, but at an earlier age.
But the case is exactly the reverse.
But the case is very different; and Alph.
But the chanc will be infinitely small of any record having been preserved of such slow varying, and insensible changes.
But the chief cause of our natural unwillingness to admit that one specie has given birth to other and distinct species, is that we are always slo in admitting any great changes of which we do not see the steps.
But the coasting vessel puts to sea, the Shetland fisherman casts his nets without the benefit of such a monitor, and perhaps without the weather wisdom which only a few possess, and cannot transfer to others.
But the concerns of the theatre were suspended only for an hour or two: there was still a great deal to be settled; and the spirits of evening giving fresh courage, Tom, Maria, and Mr. Yates, soon after their being reassembled in the drawing-room, seated themselves in committee at a separate table, with the play open before them, and were just getting deep in the subject when a most welcome interruption was given by the entrance of Mr. and Miss Crawford, who, late and dark and dirty as it was, could not help coming, and were received with the most grateful joy.
But the correspondence between systematic affinity and th facility of crossing is by no means strict.
But the degree of adaptation of species to the climates under which the live is often overrated.
But the descriptions which we possess of th Silurian deposits over immense territories in Russia and in North America do not support the view that the older a formation is the more invariabl it has suffered extreme denudation and metamorphism.
But the difficulty is no nearly so great as at first appears:  all this beautiful work can be shown I think, to follow from a few simple instincts.
But the discrepancy was small; and the most solid of the free thinkers was conscious of a private doubt.
But the evil ready to burst on her was at least delayed by the sudden change in Miss Crawford's ideas; by the strong effect on her mind which the finding herself in the East room again produced.
But the expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer, of th Survival of the Fittest, is more accurate, and is sometimes equall convenient.
But the eyes offer the most remarkable peculiarity; for the are both placed on the upper side of the head.
But the fact of variations and monstrosities occurring muc more frequently under domestication than under nature, and the greate variability of species having wide ranges than of those with restricte ranges, lead to the conclusion that variability is generally related to th conditions of life to which each species has been exposed during severa successive generations.
But the following fact is more important:  th crops of birds do not secrete gastric juice, and do not, as I know b trial, injure in the least the germination of seeds; now, after a bird ha found and devoured a large supply of food, it is positively asserted tha all the grains do not pass into the gizzard for twelve or even eightee hours.
But the gallantry of her friends would not allow of this; and the man in faded black, mounting the breach first, produced his plunder.
But the gardeners of the classical period, who cultivated the best pear which they could procure, never thought what splendid fruit we should eat though we owe our excellent fruit in some small degree to their havin naturally chosen and preserved the best varieties they could anywhere find.
But the ghost sat down on the opposite side of the fireplace, as if he were quite used to it.
But the girl took a dainty little basket from a shelf beside her, went to a jar, and took out a lot of tobacco and put the filled basket down on the counter before me, where I could both smell and see that it was excellent Latakia.
But the girl's suspicions were aroused; and though she pressed the matter no farther (indeed, her father was already seen returning), it by no means left her thoughts.
But the imperfection in the geological record largely results from anothe and more important cause than any of the foregoing; namely, from th several formations being separated from each other by wide intervals o time.
But the important point to notice is, that these cells ar always made at that degree of nearness to each other that they would hav intersected or broken into each other if the spheres had been completed but this is never permitted, the bees building perfectly flat walls of wa between the spheres which thus tend to intersect.
But the islands, though in sight of each other, are separated b deep arms of the sea, in most cases wider than the British Channel, an there is no reason to suppose that they have at any former period bee continuously united.
But the long series of years during which the workmen had learned to despise their rulers, had done away with their dependence upon them, and they were now beginning to trust (somewhat dangerously, as events proved) in the non-legal leaders whom events had thrust forward; and though most of these were now become mere figure-heads, their names and reputations were useful in this crisis as a stop-gap.
But the main element of their success was this, that wherever the working people were not coerced, they worked, not for the reactionists, but for 'the rebels.' The reactionists could get no work done for them outside the districts where they were all-powerful: and even in those districts they were harassed by continual risings; and in all cases and everywhere got nothing done without obstruction and black looks and sulkiness; so that not only were their armies quite worn out with the difficulties which they had to meet, but the non-combatants who were on their side were so worried and beset with hatred and a thousand little troubles and annoyances that life became almost unendurable to them on those terms.
But the matter does not end here.
But the mere existence of individual variability and of som few well-marked varieties, though necessary as the foundation for the work helps us but little in understanding how species arise in nature.
But the most important resul for us, arrived at by Mr. Croll, is that whenever the northern hemispher passes through a cold period the temperature of the southern hemisphere i actually raised, with the winters rendered much milder, chiefly throug changes in the direction of the ocean currents.
But the numbe and diversity of inheritable deviations of structure, both those of sligh and those of considerable physiological importance, are endless.
But the other: the first! She had never heard him speak so openly before, and though it told her no more than what she had long perceived, it was a stab, for it told of his own convictions and views.
But the philosopher was a man of a devout, obedient mind; and he had chosen to accept and build upon a legend of the race.
But the philosopher went further still.
But the principal point fo a seaman is, that no violent wind will blow without the barometer giving warning.
But the probability of other islands having onc existed as halting-places, of which not a wreck now remains, must not b overlooked.
But the real importanc of a large number of eggs or seeds is to make up for much destruction a some period of life; and this period in the great majority of cases is a early one.
But the roug wall of wax has in every case to be finished off, by being largely gnawe away on both sides.
But the species left during a long tim on these mountains, or in opposite hemispheres, would have to compete wit many new forms and would be exposed to somewhat different physica conditions; hence, they would be eminently liable to modification, an would generally now exist as varieties or as representative species; an this is the case.
But the state of the same organ in distinc classes may incidentally throw light on the steps by which it has bee perfected.
But the strangest thing about it was, that from the crown of its head there sprung a bright clear jet of light, by which all this was visible; and which was doubtless the occasion of its using, in its duller moments, a great extinguisher for a cap, which it now held under its arm.
But the struggle will almost invariably be mos severe between the individuals of the same species, for they frequent th same districts, require the same food, and are exposed to the same dangers.
But the subject is surrounded by difficulties, for, looking to varietie produced under nature, if two forms hitherto reputed to be varieties b found in any degree sterile together, they are at once ranked by mos naturalists as species.
But the three genera o the left hand have, on this same principle, much in common, and form  subfamily, distinct from that containing the next two genera on the righ hand, which diverged from a common parent at the fifth stage of descent.
But the truth is, that my father hardly knows them.
But the utter extinction of a whole group of species has sometime been a slow process, from the survival of a few descendants, lingering i protected and isolated situations.
But the value o this evidence depends entirely on the perfection of the geological record in relation to periods remote in the history of the world.
But the variability, which we almost universally mee with in our domestic productions is not directly produced, as Hooker an Asa Gray have well remarked, by man; he can neither originate varieties no prevent their occurrence; he can only preserve and accumulate such as d occur.
But the whole scene passed off in the breath of the last word spoken by his nephew; and he and the Spirit were again upon their travels.
But the wide distribution o fresh-water plants, and of the lower animals, whether retaining the sam identical form, or in some degree modified, apparently depends in main par on the wide dispersal of their seeds and eggs by animals, more especiall by fresh-water birds, which have great powers of flight, and naturall travel from one piece of water to another.
But the wide ranging power of fresh-water productions can, I think, in mos cases be explained by their having become fitted, in a manner highly usefu to them, for short and frequent migrations from pond to pond, or fro stream to stream, within their own countries; and liability to wid dispersal would follow from this capacity as an almost necessar consequence.
But the will as yet hardly have a distinct name, and from being only slightl valued, their history will have been disregarded.
But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile; and my unhallowed hands shall not disturb it, or the country's done for.
But the woods are fine, and there is a stream, which, I dare say, might be made a good deal of.
But then you see that was written of Syria, a hot dry country, where people live faster than in our temperate climate.
But then, I must have a London audience.
But ther is reason to believe that the species which are very closely allied t other species, and in so far resemble varieties, often have much restricte ranges.
But there IS a special provision.
But there can be no doubt that embryonic excluding larval characters, are of the highest value for classification not only with animals but with plants.
But there certainly are not so many men of large fortune in the world as there are pretty women to deserve them.
But there he is, and, by the bye, his absence may sufficiently account for any remissness of his sister's in writing, for there has been no 'Well, Mary, when do you write to Fanny? Is not it time for you to write to Fanny?' to spur me on.
But there is n doubt that besides removing dirt of all kinds, they subserve othe functions; and one of these apparently is defence.
But there is no reason why for instance, the wing of a bat, or the fin of a porpoise, should not hav been sketched out with all their parts in proper proportion, as soon as an part became visible.
But there is no time fixed; perhaps to-morrow, or whenever your spirits are composed enough.
But there is nobleness in the name of Edmund.
But there is not a shadow of evidence in favour of this view:  to asser that we could not breed our cart and race-horses, long and short-horne cattle, and poultry of various breeds, and esculent vegetables, for a unlimited number of generations, would be opposed to all experience.
But there they were, in the heart of it; on 'Change, amongst the merchants; who hurried up and down, and chinked the money in their pockets, and conversed in groups, and looked at their watches, and trifled thoughtfully with their great gold seals; and so forth, as Scrooge had seen them often.
But there was another opinion, far less logical, prevalent amongst the rich people before the days of freedom, which did not die out at once after that epoch had begun.
But there was happiness elsewhere which no description can reach.
But there was one remarkable exception to this rule, for the youn of the short-faced tumbler differed from the young of the wild rock-pigeon and of the other breeds, in almost exactly the same proportions as in th adult stage.
But these breaks are imaginary, and might have been inserte anywhere, after intervals long enough to allow the accumulation of  considerable amount of divergent variation.
But these organs in the Articulata are so much diversified tha Muller formerly made three main classes with seven subdivisions, besides  fourth main class of aggregated simple eyes.
But they and their spirit voices faded together; and the night became as it had been when he walked home.
But they found no word of reference to the great subject.
But they had seen no one from the Parsonage, not a creature, and had heard no tidings beyond a friendly note of congratulation and inquiry from Mrs. Grant to Lady Bertram.
But they were determined to try first a weapon which they thought stronger than street fighting.
But they were too much used to company and praise to have anything like natural shyness; and their confidence increasing from their cousin's total want of it, they were soon able to take a full survey of her face and her frock in easy indifference.
But thi capacity, as in hybridisation, is by no means absolutely governed b systematic affinity.
But thi conclusion, as far as I can make out, is founded on a single experiment and seems directly opposed to the results of several experiments made b Kolreuter.
But this I will say, that his fault, the liking to make girls a little in love with him, is not half so dangerous to a wife's happiness as a tendency to fall in love himself, which he has never been addicted to.
But this beauty serves merely as a guide to bird and beasts, in order that the fruit may be devoured and the matured seed disseminated.
But this could not impose on Fanny.
But this difference does not determine how many individuals of the tw species can be supported in a district.
But this difficulty partiall disappears on the view that New Zealand, South America, and the othe southern lands, have been stocked in part from a nearly intermediate thoug distant point, namely, from the antarctic islands, when they were clothe with vegetation, during a warmer tertiary period, before the commencemen of the last Glacial period.
But this frame of mind he was so used to, that it didn't last him long, and after a brief discomfort, caused by disgust with himself for having lost his temper (which he was also well used to), he found himself musing on the subject-matter of discussion, but still discontentedly and unhappily.
But this genus, though muc isolated, will still occupy its proper intermediate position.
But this had occurred on the first day of its being settled, within the first hour of the burst of such enjoyment, when nothing but the friends she was to visit was before her.
But this has been effected through sexual selection that is, by the more beautiful males having been continually preferred b the females, and not for the delight of man.
But this he stoutly denied.
But this inferenc is chiefly grounded on analogy, and it is immaterial whether or not it b accepted.
But this is a false view; we forget that each species even where it most abounds, is constantly suffering enormous destruction a some period of its life, from enemies or from competitors for the sam place and food; and if these enemies or competitors be in the least degre favoured by any slight change of climate, they will increase in numbers and as each area is already fully stocked with inhabitants, the othe species must decrease.
But this is a wholl false view; we should always look for forms intermediate between eac species and a common but unknown progenitor; and the progenitor wil generally have differed in some respects from all its modified descendants.
But this is no surprising, for we do not even know of what use they are.
But this is no valid argument against what would be effected by occasiona means of transport, during the long lapse of geological time, whilst th island was being upheaved, and before it had become fully stocked wit inhabitants.
But this is teasing you.
But this must be learned to be endured.
But this only throws far backward the history o civilisation, and shows that animals were domesticated at a much earlie period than has hitherto been supposed.
But this ought not to be expected; yet this has bee repeatedly advanced as a most serious objection against my views.
But this principle will almos necessarily be confined to the earlier stages of the process of reduction for we cannot suppose that a minute papilla, for instance, representing i a male flower the pistil of the female flower, and formed merely o cellular tissue, could be further reduced or absorbed for the sake o economising nutriment.
But this resemblance is confined t general appearance, as in the prominence of the canines, and in the cuttin shape of the molar teeth.
But this same movement of subsidence will tend to submerge the area whenc the sediment is derived, and thus diminish the supply, whilst the downwar movement continues.
But this subject need not here be discussed.
But this the Spirit said could not be done.
But this theory can be tested by experiment.
But this view may be safely rejected, for it is highly improbabl that the heavy Belgian cart-horse, Welsh ponies, Norwegian cobs, the lank Kattywar race, etc., inhabiting the most distant parts of the world, shoul have all have been crossed with one supposed aboriginal stock.
But this was an unworthy feeling.
But this was immediately opposed by Tom Bertram, who asserted the part of Amelia to be in every respect the property of Miss Crawford, if she would accept it.
But this was only the beginning of her surprise.
But those whom he obliged could always buy one of his villainous little pictures, or, where the favours had been prolonged and more than usually delicate, might order and pay for a large canvas, with perfect certainty that they would hear no more of the transaction.
But though I shall soon see some of these villages, tell me in a word or two what they are like, just to prepare me.
But though her wishes were overthrown, there was no spirit of murmuring within her.
But though my uncle entered into my wishes with all the warmth I could desire, and exerted himself immediately, there were difficulties from the absence of one friend, and the engagements of another, which at last I could no longer bear to stay the end of, and knowing in what good hands I left the cause, I came away on Monday, trusting that many posts would not pass before I should be followed by such very letters as these.
But though she had seen all the members of the family, she had not yet heard all the noise they could make.
But though the conference had seemed full long to him, and though on looking at Fanny he saw rather a flush of vexation, he inclined to hope that so much could not have been said and listened to without some profit to the speaker.
But till it is absolutely settled -  settled beyond all interference, he shall know nothing of the matter.
But to extend it so far as to suppose that species aboriginally as distinct as carriers, tumblers, pouters, and fantails no are, should yield offspring perfectly fertile, inter se, seems to me ras in the extreme.
But to go from here without a plan, without forethought, in the heat of a moment, is madder than madness, and can help nothing.
But to mak the case sure, he would raise plants from his supposed hybridised seed, an he would find that the seedlings were miserably dwarfed and utterl sterile, and that they behaved in all other respects like ordinary hybrids.
But to return to our comparison of mongrels and hybrids:  Gartner state that mongrels are more liable than hybrids to revert to either parent form but this, if it be true, is certainly only a difference in degree.
But to return to our imaginary case; as soon a the plant had been rendered so highly attractive to insects that pollen wa regularly carried from flower to flower, another process might commence.
But to use such an expression as trying to mak a fantail is, I have no doubt, in most cases, utterly incorrect.
But toward the extremity of the beak they differ much, as they project inward, instea of straight downward.
But two facts which I have observed - and many others no doubt will be discovered - thro some light on this subject.
But undoubtedly this was th general belief when the first edition of the present work appeared.
But unluckily that iron gate, that ha-ha, give me a feeling of restraint and hardship.
But useful as these general conclusions are in most cases they are sometimes erroneous, and then remarks may be rather hastily made, tending to discourage the inexperienced.
But w often take, I think, an erroneous view of the probability of closely allie species invading each other's territory, when put into fre intercommunication.
But we are far too ignorant to speculate on the relativ importance of the several known and unknown causes of variation; and I hav made these remarks only to show that, if we are unable to account for th characteristic differences of our several domestic breeds, whic nevertheless are generally admitted to have arisen through ordinar generation from one or a few parent-stocks, we ought not to lay too muc stress on our ignorance of the precise cause of the slight analogou differences between true species.
But we can see that species, owing to thei struggle for existence with numerous competitors, will have been expose during long periods of time to more uniform conditions, than have domesti varieties; and this may well make a wide difference in the result.
But we continually overrate the perfection of the geologica record, and falsely infer, because certain genera or families have not bee found beneath a certain stage, that they did not exist before that stage.
But we coul not have told what the unfavourable conditions were which checked it increase, whether some one or several contingencies, and at what period o the horse's life, and in what degree they severally acted.
But we do not know what was the state of things in the intervals betwee the several successive formations; whether Europe and the United State during these intervals existed as dry land, or as a submarine surface nea land, on which sediment was not deposited, or as the bed of an open an unfathomable sea.
But we have already seen how it entails extinction; and how largel extinction has acted in the world's history, geology plainly declares.
But we have better evidence on this subject than mere theoretica calculations, namely, the numerous recorded cases of the astonishingl rapid increase of various animals in a state of nature, when circumstance have been favourable to them during two or three following seasons.
But we have no reason t assume that things have thus remained from the beginning of the world.
But we have no such people in Mansfield.
But we have not as yet touched on the acme of the difficulty; namely, th fact that the neuters of several ants differ, not only from the fertil females and males, but from each other, sometimes to an almost incredibl degree, and are thus divided into two or even three castes.
But we have seen that a thick formation fossiliferous throughout its entire thickness, can accumulate only during  period of subsidence; and to keep the depth approximately the same, whic is necessary that the same marine species may live on the same space, th supply of sediment must nearly counterbalance the amount of subsidence.
But we know, for instance, from Sir R. Murchison' great work on Russia, what wide gaps there are in that country between th superimposed formations; so it is in North America, and in many other part of the world.
But we learn from the study of our domestic productions that th disuse of parts leads to their reduced size; and that the result i inherited.
But we may go further than this.
But we may go further than this; for as ne forms are produced, unless we admit that specific forms can go o indefinitely increasing in number, many old forms must become extinct.
But we may safely conclude that th innumerable complex co-adaptations of structure, which we see throughou nature between various organic beings, cannot be attributed simply to suc action.
But we may thus deceive ourselves, fo to ascertain whether a small isolated area, or a large open area like  continent, has been most favourable for the production of new organi forms, we ought to make the comparison within equal times; and this we ar incapable of doing.
But we must return to our more immediate subject.
But we shall be able to gauge wit some security the duration of these intervals by a comparison of th preceding and succeeding organic forms.
But we shall follow the changes more readily, by supposing a ne glacial period slowly to come on, and then pass away, as formerly occurred.
But we shall hereafter return to this subject.
But we shall see ho obscure this subject is if we look, for instance, to fishes, among whic some naturalists rank those as highest which, like the sharks, approac nearest to amphibians; while other naturalists rank the common bony o teleostean fishes as the highest, inasmuch as they are most strictly fish like, and differ most from the other vertebrate classes.
But we shall see in the sixth chapter that intermediate varieties inhabiting intermediate districts, will in the long run generally b supplanted by one of the adjoining varieties.
But we shall see.
But we who live amongst our friends need neither fear nor punish.
But were I to attempt to tell you of all the women whom I have known to be in love with him, I should never have done.
But what availed his expressions or his air? He was going, and, if not voluntarily going, voluntarily intending to stay away; for, excepting what might be due to his uncle, his engagements were all self-imposed.
But what concerns us is tha the domestic varieties of the same species differ from each other in almos every character, which man has attended to and selected, more than do th distinct species of the same genera.
But what did Scrooge care! It was the very thing he liked.
But what here more particularly concerns us is, that thos points in our domestic animals, which at the present time are undergoin rapid change by continued selection, are also eminently liable t variation.
But what i meant by this system?  Some authors look at it merely as a scheme fo arranging together those living objects which are most alike, and fo separating those which are most unlike; or as an artificial method o enunciating, as briefly as possible, general propositions - that is, by on sentence to give the characters common, for instance, to all mammals, b another those common to all carnivora, by another those common to th dog-genus, and then, by adding a single sentence, a full description i given of each kind of dog.
But what is to be done? We can't get anyone amongst us to complain of his not always having his own way in the teeth of the community, when it is clear that everybody cannot have that indulgence.
But what you were saying about the building being stopped and the trees growing is only too good news; - only you know -  At that point I suddenly remembered Dick's date, and stopped short rather confused.
But whe a breed has been crossed only once by some other breed, the offsprin occasionally show for many generations a tendency to revert in character t the foreign breed - some say, for a dozen or even a score of generations.
But when a species with a extraordinarily developed organ has become the parent of many modifie descendants - which on our view must be a very slow process, requiring  long lapse of time - in this case, natural selection has succeeded in givin a fixed character to the organ, in however extraordinary a manner it ma have been developed.
But when at last, he caught her; when, in spite of all her silken rustlings, and her rapid flutterings past him, he got her into a corner whence there was no escape; then his conduct was the most execrable.
But when man is the selecting agent, we clearly see that the tw elements of change are distinct; variability is in some manner excited, bu it is the will of man which accumulates the variations in certai direction; and it is this latter agency which answers to the survival o the fittest under nature.
But when many men, without intending to alter th breed, have a nearly common standard of perfection, and all try to procur and breed from the best animals, improvement surely but slowly follows fro this unconscious process of selection, notwithstanding that there is n separation of selected individuals.
But when my aunt has got a fancy in her head, nothing can stop her.
But when the Corporation of London took it over about twenty-five years ago, the topping and lopping, which was a part of the old commoners' rights, came to an end, and the trees were let to grow.
But when the matter is of common interest to the whole community, and the doing or not doing something affects everybody, the majority must have their way; unless the minority were to take up arms and show by force that they were the effective or real majority; which, however, in a society of men who are free and equal is little likely to happen; because in such a community the apparent majority is the real majority, and the others, as I have hinted before, know that too well to obstruct from mere pigheadedness; especially as they have had plenty of opportunity of putting forward their side of the question.
But when the nestling birds of these several breeds were placed i a row, though most of them could just be distinguished, the proportiona differences in the above specified points were incomparably less than i the full-grown birds.
But when the railways - of which no doubt you have heard - came into power, they would not allow the people of the country to use either the natural or artificial waterways, of which latter there were a great many.
But when they called to mind that the soldiery in that 'Battle' of Trafalgar Square were so daunted by the slaughter which they had made, that they could not be got to fire a second volley, they shrank back again from the dreadful courage necessary for carrying out another massacre.
But when w come to discuss the principle, as I call it, of divergence of character, w shall see how this may be explained, and how the lesser differences betwee varieties tend to increase into the greater differences between species.
But when we bear in mind that almos every species, even in its metropolis, would increase immensely in numbers were it not for other competing species; that nearly all either prey on o serve as prey for others; in short, that each organic being is eithe directly or indirectly related in the most important manner to othe organic beings - we see that the range of the inhabitants of any country b no means exclusively depends on insensibly changing physical conditions but in large part on the presence of other species, on which it lives, o by which it is destroyed, or with which it comes into competition; and a these species are already defined objects, not blending one into another b insensible gradations, the range of any one species, depending as it doe on the range of others, will tend to be sharply defined.
But when we look at the subject mor closely, we find in the several fishes provided with electric organs, tha these are situated in different parts of the body, that they differ i construction, as in the arrangement of the plates, and, according t Pacini, in the process or means by which the electricity is excited - an lastly, in being supplied with nerves proceeding from different sources and this is perhaps the most important of all the differences.
But when, from the nature of the organism and of th conditions, modifications have been induced which are unimportant for th welfare of the species, they may be, and apparently often have been transmitted in nearly the same state to numerous, otherwise modified descendants.
But when, throwing one arm round her waist, he sought to kiss her lips, not like a lover indeed, not because he wanted to do so, but as a desperate man who puts his fortunes to the touch, she drew away from him, with a knot in her forehead, backed and shied about fiercely with her head, and pushed him from her with her hand.
But whenever we have the means of instituting a comparison, th same laws appear to have acted in producing the lesser differences betwee varieties of the same species, and the greater differences between specie of the same genus.
But whether it be species belonging to the same or to a distinc class, which have yielded their places to other modified and improve species, a few of the sufferers may often be preserved for a long time from being fitted to some peculiar line of life, or from inhabiting som distant and isolated station, where they will have escaped sever competition.
But whether it is true, we can judge only by seeing how fa the hypothesis accords with and explains the general phenomena of nature.
But whether or not this adaptation is in most cases very close we have evidence with some few plants, of their becoming, to a certai extent, naturally habituated to different temperatures; that is, the become acclimatised:  thus the pines and rhododendrons, raised from see collected by Dr. Hooker from the same species growing at different height on the Himalayas, were found to possess in this country differen constitutional powers of resisting cold.
But which groups will ultimately prevail, no man can predict for we know that many groups, formerly most extensively developed, have no become extinct.
But why the rich men, who had the time and the leisure and the materials for building, as it would be in this case, should not have housed themselves well, I do not understand as yet.
But why this should be a law of nature i each species has been independently created no man can explain.
But why would not you let us come for you? I wish you may not repent it.
But why, in the case o distinct species, the sexual elements should so generally have become mor or less modified, leading to their mutual infertility, we do not know; bu it seems to stand in some close relation to species having been exposed fo long periods of time to nearly uniform conditions of life.
But why, on the theory of creation, they should not hav been created there, it would be very difficult to explain.
But with William and Fanny Price it was still a sentiment in all its prime and freshness, wounded by no opposition of interest, cooled by no separate attachment, and feeling the influence of time and absence only in its increase.
But with respect to Nageli's doctrine of an innat tendency towards perfection or progressive development, can it be said i the case of these strongly pronounced variations, that the plants have bee caught in the act of progressing towards a higher state of development?  O the contrary, I should infer from the mere fact of the parts in questio differing or varying greatly on the same plant, that such modification were of extremely small importance to the plants themselves, of whateve importance they may generally be to us for our classifications.
But with respect to th seeds, it seems impossible that their differences in shape, which are no always correlated with any difference in the corolla, can be in any wa beneficial; yet in the Umbelliferae these differences are of such apparen importance - the seeds being sometimes orthospermous in the exterior flower and coelospermous in the central flowers - that the elder De Candoll founded his main divisions in the order on such characters.
But with the Alpine productions, left isolated from the moment of th returning warmth, first at the bases and ultimately on the summits of th mountains, the case will have been somewhat different; for it is not likel that all the same arctic species will have been left on mountain ranges fa distant from each other, and have survived there ever since; they wil also, in all probability, have become mingled with ancient Alpine species which must have existed on the mountains before the commencement of th Glacial epoch, and which during the coldest period will have bee temporarily driven down to the plains; they will, also, have bee subsequently exposed to somewhat different climatical influences.
But with the Government the cold fit had succeeded to the hot one; and the prisoners were brought before a jury at the assizes.
But with the working ant we have an insect differing greatly fro its parents, yet absolutely sterile; so that it could never hav transmitted successively acquired modifications of structure or instinct t its progeny.
But with you, Fanny, there may be peace.
But yes, in the never of conversation, which means not very often, I do think it.
But you are not thinking of me.
But you are now of an age to be treated better; I think she is behaving better already; and when you are her only companion, you must be important to her.
But you had better both come in with me at once and get something to eat, lest you should forget your dinner in your amusement.
But you have now shewn me that you can be wilful and perverse; that you can and will decide for yourself, without any consideration or deference for those who have surely some right to guide you, without even asking their advice.
But you hear how garrulous I am: ask me questions, ask me questions about anything, dear guest; since I must talk, make my talk profitable to you.
But you know the whole outside was spoiled centuries ago: as to the inside, that remains in its beauty after the great clearance, which took place over a hundred years ago, of the beastly monuments to fools and knaves, which once blocked it up, as great-grandfather says.
But you like Julia best.
But you must come up and tack on my patterns all the same.
But you must give my compliments to him.
But you must understand therewith, that though separate households are the rule amongst us, and though they differ in their habits more or less, yet no door is shut to any good-tempered person who is content to live as the other house-mates do: only of course it would be unreasonable for one man to drop into a household and bid the folk of it to alter their habits to please him, since he can go elsewhere and live as he pleases.
But you shall come to-day, you shall do all you want; I have set my heart on spoiling you.
But you'll see it often.
But you, dear neighbour; it seems to me stranger that you should know the upper river, than that I should not know it; for, as I understand, you have only been in England a few days.
But, Crawford, though I refuse you as a tenant, come to me as a friend.
But, Fanny, if your heart can acquit you of ingratitude -  He ceased.
But, Mary, do not fancy that Maria Bertram cares for Henry.
But, a I remarked towards the close of the introduction, no one ought to fee surprise at much remaining as yet unexplained on the origin of species, i we make due allowance for our profound ignorance on the mutual relations o the inhabitants of the world at the present time, and still more so durin past ages.
But, after som preliminary remarks, I will discuss a few of the most striking classes o facts, namely, the existence of the same species on the summits of distan mountain ranges, and at distant points in the Arctic and Antarctic regions and secondly (in the following chapter), the wide distribution of fres water productions; and thirdly, the occurrence of the same terrestria species on islands and on the nearest mainland, though separated b hundreds of miles of open sea.
But, alas! it was not such a home, she had not such a welcome, as - she checked herself; she was unreasonable.
But, all things considered, I do not know whether it is not as well that it should be so, for, though you know (owing to me) your papa and mama are so good as to bring her up with you, it is not at all necessary that she should be as accomplished as you are; - on the contrary, it is much more desirable that there should be a difference.
But, as Buckland long ag remarked, extinct species can all be classed either in still existin groups, or between them.
But, as I have attempted to show, weight evidence can be opposed to the admission of great and abrupt modifications.
But, as I was saying, Richard, or was about to say, my daughter has been allowed to rust; her aunt was a mere duenna; hence, in parenthesis, Richard, her distrust of me; my nature and that of the duenna are poles asunder - poles! But, now that I am here, now that I have given up the fight, and live henceforth for one only of my works - I have the modesty to say it is my best - my daughter - well, we shall put all that to rights.
But, as Mr. G.H. Lewes has remarked, this line of argument proves too much, for the ancien domestic races figured on the Egyptian monuments, or embalmed, are closel similar or even identical with those now living; yet all naturalists admi that such races have been produced through the modification of thei original types.
But, as by this theory innumerable transitional forms must have existed why do we not find them embedded in countless numbers in the crust of th earth?  It will be more convenient to discuss this question in the chapte on the imperfection of the geological record; and I will here only stat that I believe the answer mainly lies in the record being incomparably les perfect than is generally supposed.
But, as far as structure is concerned, I can see n similarity between tridactyle pedicellariae and avicularia.
But, as my great grandfather will tell you, it would not be quite a straightforward job; for there are wonderful collections in there of all kinds of antiquities, besides an enormous library with many exceedingly beautiful books in it, and many most useful ones as genuine records, texts of ancient works and the like; and the worry and anxiety, and even risk, there would be in moving all this has saved the buildings themselves.
But, as we have seen, organic beings long habituated to certain unifor conditions under a state of nature, when subjected, as under confinement to a considerable change in their conditions, very frequently are rendere more or less sterile; and we know that a cross between two forms that hav become widely or specifically different, produce hybrids which are almos always in some degree sterile.
But, at any rate, his staying away at a time when, according to all preceding plans, she was to remove to London, meant something that she could not bear.
But, besides such differences, al naturalists admit that natural varieties exist, which are considere sufficiently distinct to be worthy of record in systematic works.
But, by G - ! if she belonged to me, I'd give her the rope's end as long as I could stand over her.
But, by steps hereafter to be explained, th larger genera also tend to break up into smaller genera.
But, come, we ought to be going; for we are not half way, and we ought to be in well before sunset.
But, dear Fanny, you must allow that you were not so absolutely unprepared to have the question asked as your cousin fancies.
But, dear neighbour, that is not a very effective salve for the wound caused by the 'tyranny of a majority' in our society; because all work that is done is either beneficial or hurtful to every member of society.
But, dear neighbour, there you are alone in the boat, and you have been sculling pretty hard I should think, and might find a little quiet sitting pleasant; so we had better part our company into two.
But, even supposing it is so, allowing Mr. Crawford to have all the claims which his sisters think he has, how was I to be prepared to meet him with any feeling answerable to his own? He took me wholly by surprise.
But, for our purpose, a form o selection, which may be called unconscious, and which results from ever one trying to possess and breed from the best individual animals, is mor important.
But, however, I understand you to be speaking of book-learning; and as to that, it is a simple affair.
But, however, to put it in a cooler way: you expected to see children thrust into schools when they had reached an age conventionally supposed to be the due age, whatever their varying faculties and dispositions might be, and when there, with like disregard to facts to be subjected to a certain conventional course of 'learning.' My friend, can't you see that such a proceeding means ignoring the fact of growth, bodily and mental? No one could come out of such a mill uninjured; and those only would avoid being crushed by it who would have the spirit of rebellion strong in them.
But, however, triumph there certainly will be, and I must brave it.
But, if the warmth continues, probably the wind will back (shift against the sun's course) and more Southerly, or South-westerly wind will follow.
But, if we proceed from a district where one Leptali imitates an Ithomia, another mocking and mocked species, belonging to th same two genera, equally close in their resemblance, may be found.
But, in fact, a breed, like a dialect of a language, can hardly b said to have a distinct origin.
But, in general, I can assure you that they are all passed over, and all very ill used.
But, poor things! they cannot help it; and you know it makes very little difference to Sir Thomas.
But, says he, I think it would be better if I told them in the first person, as if it were myself who had gone through them; which, indeed, will be the easier and more natural to me, since I understand the feelings and desires of the comrade of whom I am telling better than any one else in the world does.
But, starting wit species already somewhat like each other, the closest resemblance, i beneficial, could readily be gained by the above means, and if the imitate form was subsequently and gradually modified through any agency, th imitating form would be led along the same track, and thus be altered t almost any extent, so that it might ultimately assume an appearance o colouring wholly unlike that of the other members of the family to which i belonged.
But, there were many angels who did not go with them, and among them one he knew.
But, what was more interesting to us, he had detailed record of the period of the change to the present state of things, and told us a great deal about it, and especially of that exodus of the people from the town to the country, and the gradual recovery by the town-bred people on one side, and the country-bred people on the other, of those arts of life which they had each lost; which loss, as he told us, had at one time gone so far that not only was it impossible to find a carpenter or a smith in a village or small country town, but that people in such places had even forgotten how to bake bread, and that at Wallingford, for instance, the bread came down with the newspapers by an early train from London, worked in some way, the explanation of which I could not understand.
By G - , I wish you may! But old Scholey was saying, just now, that he thought you would be sent first to the Texel.
By a continued process of this nature, I believe that the strang instinct of our cuckoo has been generated.
By a look at her brother she prevented any farther entreaty from the theatrical board, and the really good feelings by which she was almost purely governed were rapidly restoring her to all the little she had lost in Edmund's favour.
By a monstrosity  presume is meant some considerable deviation of structure, generall injurious, or not useful to the species.
By a reciprocal cross between two species, I mean the case, for instance of a female-ass being first crossed by a stallion, and then a mare by  male-ass:  these two species may then be said to have been reciprocall crossed.
By a similar process of selection, and by careful training, English race horses have come to surpass in fleetness and size the parent Arabs, so tha the latter, by the regulations for the Goodwood Races, are favoured in th weights which they carry.
By a thermometer the weight of air is not shown.
By all the others it was mentioned with regret; and his merits honoured with due gradation of feeling -  from the sincerity of Edmund's too partial regard, to the unconcern of his mother speaking entirely by rote.
By all this they burdened themselves with a prodigious mass of work merely for the sake of keeping their wretched system going.
By an increas in the size of this projection, with its shape, as well as that of th terminal segment, slightly modified and improved, the pincers are rendere more and more perfect, until we have at last an instrument as efficient a the chelae of a lobster.
By attention to the following observations (the results of many years practice and many persons' experience) any one not accustomed to use  barometer may do so without difficulty.
By change in the form of the land and of climate, marine areas now continuous mus often have existed within recent times in a far less continuous and unifor condition than at present.
By comparing the account given in various old treatises of the former and present state of carrie and tumbler pigeons in Britain, India, and Persia, we can trace the stage through which they have insensibly passed, and come to differ so greatl from the rock-pigeon.
By considering the nature of the plants or animals which have in an country struggled successfully with the indigenes, and have there becom naturalised, we may gain some crude idea in what manner some of the native would have had to be modified in order to gain an advantage over thei compatriots; and we may at least infer that diversification of structure amounting to new generic differences, would be profitable to them.
By continuing the same process for a greater number of generations (a shown in the diagram in a condensed and simplified manner), we get eigh species, marked by the letters between a14 and m14, all descended from (A).
By convincing her that Fanny was very pretty, which she had been doubting about before, and that she would be advantageously married, it made her feel a sort of credit in calling her niece.
By degrees the girls came to spend the chief of the morning upstairs, at first only in working and talking, but after a few days, the remembrance of the said books grew so potent and stimulative that Fanny found it impossible not to try for books again.
By eight in the morning Edmund was in the house.
By far the greater part of these in past days were the result of the laws of private property, which forbade the satisfaction of their natural desires to all but a privileged few, and of the general visible coercion which came of those laws.
By her other aunt, Susan was received with quiet kindness.
By looking at the diagram we can see that if many of the extinct form supposed to be embedded in the successive formations, were discovered a several points low down in the series, the three existing families on th uppermost line would be rendered less distinct from each other.
By my theory thes allied species are descended from a common parent; and during the proces of modification, each has become adapted to the conditions of life of it own region, and has supplanted and exterminated its original parent-for and all the transitional varieties between its past and present states.
By not one of the circle was he listened to with such unbroken, unalloyed enjoyment as by his wife, who was really extremely happy to see him, and whose feelings were so warmed by his sudden arrival as to place her nearer agitation than she had been for the last twenty years.
By one of the suffering party within they were expected with such impatience as she had never known before.
By sitting together upstairs, they avoided a great deal of the disturbance of the house; Fanny had peace, and Susan learned to think it no misfortune to be quietly employed.
By such modifications o instincts which in themselves are not very wonderful - hardly more wonderfu than those which guide a bird to make its nest - I believe that the hive-be has acquired, through natural selection, her inimitable architectura powers.
By taking a circuitous route, and, as it appeared to her, very unreasonable direction to the knoll, they were soon beyond her eye; and for some minutes longer she remained without sight or sound of any companion.
By that right I do and will deserve you; and when once convinced that my attachment is what I declare it, I know you too well not to entertain the warmest hopes.
By the above singular manne of building, strength is continually given to the comb, with the utmos ultimate economy of wax.
By the bye, Flora Ross was dying for Henry the first winter she came out.
By the bye, I looked in upon them five minutes ago, and it happened to be exactly at one of the times when they were trying not to embrace, and Mr. Rushworth was with me.
By the end of eleven years, however, Mrs. Price could no longer afford to cherish pride or resentment, or to lose one connexion that might possibly assist her.
By the term systematic affinity is meant, the general resemblance betwee species in structure and constitution.
By the theory of natural selection all living species have been connecte with the parent-species of each genus, by differences not greater than w see between the natural and domestic varieties of the same species at th present day; and these parent-species, now generally extinct, have in thei turn been similarly connected with more ancient forms; and so on backwards always converging to the common ancestor of each great class.
By the tim that an animal had reached, after numberless generations, the deepes recesses, disuse will on this view have more or less perfectly obliterate its eyes, and natural selection will often have effected other changes such as an increase in the length of the antennae or palpi, as  compensation for blindness.
By the time I get to the knoll they may be gone somewhere else.
By the time he had done winding the clock, the Clockmaker spied the caraffe; and being thirsty after last night's beer, drained it to the dregs.
By the time he had given all this information, it was not unreasonable to suppose that Fanny might be looked at and spoken to; and she was tolerably able to bear his eye, and hear that he had spent half an hour with his sister the evening before his leaving London; that she had sent her best and kindest love, but had had no time for writing; that he thought himself lucky in seeing Mary for even half an hour, having spent scarcely twenty-four hours in London, after his return from Norfolk, before he set off again; that her cousin Edmund was in town, had been in town, he understood, a few days; that he had not seen him himself, but that he was well, had left them all well at Mansfield, and was to dine, as yesterday, with the Frasers.
By the time he is four or five and twenty he will have seven hundred a year, and nothing to do for it.
By the time that the cold had reached its maximum, we should hav an arctic fauna and flora, covering the central parts of Europe, as fa south as the Alps and Pyrenees, and even stretching into Spain.
By the very small expense of an establishment of barometers, so placed as to be accessible to any fishermen, boatmen or others on the coasts, much loss of life, as well as loss of boats, and even shipping, might be prevented.
By their own accounts they had been all walking after each other, and the junction which had taken place at last seemed, to Fanny's observation, to have been as much too late for re-establishing harmony, as it confessedly had been for determining on any alteration.
By this movement the stems are inclined to all sides, an are made to move round and round.
By this proces long-continued, which exactly corresponds with what I have calle unconscious selection by man, combined, no doubt, in a most importan manner with the inherited effects of the increased use of parts, it seem to me almost certain that an ordinary hoofed quadruped might be converte into a giraffe.
By this time it was getting dark, and snowing pretty heavily; and as Scrooge and the Spirit went along the streets, the brightness of the roaring fires in kitchens, parlours, and all sorts of rooms, was wonderful.
By this time they had a biggish fund of money for the support of strikes, and could stop a certain industry altogether for a time if they so determined.
By this time we were within the shop or booth, which had a counter, and shelves on the walls, all very neat, though without any pretence of showiness, but otherwise not very different to what I had been used to.
By unit of type is meant that fundamental agreement in structure which we see i organic beings of the same class, and which is quite independent of thei habits of life.
By what steps the instinct of F. sanguinea originated I will not pretend t conjecture.
Bye, bye! Speakers and listeners strolled away, and mixed with other groups.
C. Murray from Persia.
Call the breeds of pigeons, some of which have bred true fo centuries, species; and how exactly parallel is the case with that of th species of the horse genus!  For myself, I venture confidently to look bac thousands on thousands of generations, and I see an animal striped like  zebra, but perhaps otherwise very differently constructed, the commo parent of our domestic horse (whether or not it be descended from one o more wild stocks) of the ass, the hemionus, quagga, and zebra.
Campbell has been here, quite in a worry about you; and now what shall we do? I thought to have had such a comfortable evening with you, and here everything comes upon me at once.
Can a more striking instance of adaptation be given than tha of a woodpecker for climbing trees and seizing insects in the chinks of th bark?  Yet in North America there are woodpeckers which feed largely o fruit, and others with elongated wings which chase insects on the wing.
Can it admit of a question? It is disgraceful to us if it does.
Can it then b thought improbable, seeing that variations useful to man have undoubtedl occurred, that other variations useful in some way to each being in th great and complex battle of life, should occur in the course of man successive generations?  If such do occur, can we doubt (remembering tha many more individuals are born than can possibly survive) that individual having any advantage, however slight, over others, would have the bes chance of surviving and procreating their kind?  On the other hand, we ma feel sure that any variation in the least degree injurious would be rigidl destroyed.
Can we consider the sting of the bee as perfect, which, whe used against many kinds of enemies, cannot be withdrawn, owing to th backward serratures, and thus inevitably causes the death of the insect b tearing out its viscera If we look at the sting of the bee, as having existed in a remot progenitor, as a boring and serrated instrument, like that in so man members of the same great order, and that it has since been modified bu not perfected for its present purpose, with the poison originally adapte for some other object, such as to produce galls, since intensified, we ca perhaps understand how it is that the use of the sting should so ofte cause the insect's own death:  for if on the whole the power of stinging b useful to the social community, it will fulfil all the requirements o natural selection, though it may cause the death of some few members.
Cannot you imagine with what unwilling feelings the former belles of the house of Rushworth did many a time repair to this chapel? The young Mrs. Eleanors and Mrs. Bridgets -  starched up into seeming piety, but with heads full of something very different - especially if the poor chaplain were not worth looking at - and, in those days, I fancy parsons were very inferior even to what they are now.
Cases can even be given of the larvae of allie species, or groups of species, differing more from each other than do th adults.
Cases of this nature are common, and are, as we shall hereafter see inexplicable on the theory of independent creation.
Causes of Variability  -  Effects of Habit and the use and disuse of Part  -  Correlated Variation  -  Inheritance  -  Character of Domestic Varietie  -  Difficulty of distinguishing between Varieties and Species  -  Origin o Domestic Varieties from one or more Species  -  Domestic Pigeons, thei Differences and Origin  -  Principles of Selection, anciently followed their Effects  -  Methodical and Unconscious Selection  -  Unknown Origin o our Domestic Productions  -  Circumstances favourable to Man's power o Selection.
Certain animals belonging to several classes are now known to have th power of ordinary reproduction at an unusually early age; and we have onl to accelerate parthenogenetic reproduction by gradual steps to an earlie and earlier age - Chironomus showing us an almost exactly intermediat stage, viz., that of the pupa - and we can perhaps account for th marvellous case of the Cecidomyia.
Certain compound animals, or zoophytes, as they have been termed, namel the Polyzoa, are provided with curious organs called avicularia.
Certain plants excrete sweet juice apparently for the sake of eliminating something injurious from the sap: this is effected, for instance, by glands at the base of the stipules i some Leguminosae, and at the backs of the leaves of the common laurel.
Certain seeds, however, were always killed by this process.
Certain variations can only appear at corresponding ages for instance, peculiarities in the caterpillar, cocoon, or imago states o the silk-moth; or, again, in the full-grown horns of cattle.
Certainly no clear line of demarcation has as yet been drawn betwee species and sub-species - that is, the forms which in the opinion of som naturalists come very near to, but do not quite arrive at, the rank o species; or, again, between sub-species and well-marked varieties, o between lesser varieties and individual differences.
Certainly there are two kinds of whirlwinds - one caused by rarefaction tending to lighten vertical pressure under the vortex, though not perhaps, under all the current drawn towards it; and the other, a consequence of opposing winds, which occasion huge eddies or whirlwind of compression.
Certainly, my home at my uncle's brought me acquainted with a circle of admirals.
Change o climate must have had a powerful influence on migration.
Changed conditions generally induce mere fluctuatin variability, but sometimes they cause direct and definite effects; an these may become strongly marked in the course of time, though we have no sufficient evidence on this head.
Changed conditions of life are of the highest importance in causin variability, both by acting directly on the organisation, and indirectly b affecting the reproductive system.
Changed habits produce an inherited effect as in the period of th flowering of plants when transported from one climate to another.
Changes of instinct may sometimes b facilitated by the same species having different instincts at differen periods of life, or at different seasons of the year, or when placed unde different circumstances, etc.; in which case either the one or the othe instinct might be preserved by natural selection.
Changes of level in the land must also have been highl influential:  a narrow isthmus now separates two marine faunas; submerg it, or let it formerly have been submerged, and the two faunas will no blend together, or may formerly have blended.
Changes of structure at an early age may affect part subsequently developed; and many cases of correlated variation, the natur of which we are unable to understand, undoubtedly occur.
Charles Maddox was to be the man.
Charles had been born since Fanny's going away, but Tom she had often helped to nurse, and now felt a particular pleasure in seeing again.
Check these tears; they do but exhaust you.
Children of the same family, the same blood, with the same first associations and habits, have some means of enjoyment in their power, which no subsequent connexions can supply; and it must be by a long and unnatural estrangement, by a divorce which no subsequent connexion can justify, if such precious remains of the earliest attachments are ever entirely outlived.
Christmas Eve, Dick.
Cirripede afford a good instance of this:  even the illustrious Cuvier did no perceive that a barnacle was a crustacean:  but a glance at the larva show this in an unmistakable manner.
Cirripedes long appeared to me t present, under this point of view, a case of great difficulty; but I hav been enabled, by a fortunate chance, to prove that two individuals, thoug both are self-fertilising hermaphrodites, do sometimes cross.
Clara blushed and looked very happy at all this; for I think up to this time she had been rather frightened of Ellen.
Clara came out of the fields as he spoke; and with one look at Ellen I turned and went with Dick, doubting, if I must say the truth, whether I should see her again.
Clara came to have a long talk with me to-day, but Dick will serve her turn much better.
Clara listened to him with restless eyes, as if she were excited and pleased; Dick knitted his brow and looked still more uncomfortable, but said nothing.
Clara was cheerful and natural, but a little subdued, I thought; and she at least was not sorry to be gone, and often looked shyly and timidly at Ellen and her strange wild beauty.
Clara was particularly affectionate to Dick, as I noticed from the rowing thwart; but as for him, he was as frankly kind and merry as ever; and I was glad to see it, as a man of his temperament could not have taken her caresses cheerfully and without embarrassment if he had been at all entangled by the fairy of our last night's abode.
Clara's face was turned full upon me now, but she also did not seem to see me, though I know I was trying to catch her eye with an appealing look.
Clara, for instance, beautiful and bright as she was, was not unlike a very pleasant and unaffected young lady; and the other girls also seemed nothing more than specimens of very much improved types which I had known in other times.
Clash, clang, hammer; ding, dong, bell.
Classification, groups subordinate to groups  -  Natural system  -  Rules an difficulties in classification, explained on the theory of descent wit modification  -  Classification of varieties  -  Descent always used i classification  -  Analogical or adaptive characters  -  Affinities, general complex and radiating  -  Extinction separates and defines groups  - Morphology, between members of the same class, between parts of the sam individual  -  Embryology, laws of, explained by variations not supervenin at an early age, and being inherited at a corresponding age  -  Rudimentar organs; their origin explained  -  Summary.
Climate plays an important part in determining the average numbers of  species, and periodical seasons of extreme cold or drought seem to be th most effective of all checks.
Close investigation, in many cases, wil no doubt bring naturalists to agree how to rank doubtful forms.
Closely allied species, now livin on a continuous area, must often have been formed when the area was no continuous, and when the conditions of life did not insensibly graduat away from one part to another.
Closely connected with the statement, that the organic remains from a intermediate formation are in some degree intermediate in character, is th fact, insisted on by all palaeontologists, that fossils from tw consecutive formations are far more closely related to each other, than ar the fossils from two remote formations.
Coarsely followed, it would have merited a name grown somewhat unfamiliar to our ears.
Colonel Poole has seen both gray and bay Kattywar horses striped when firs foaled.
Colour and constitutional peculiarities go together, of which man remarkable cases could be given among animals and plants.
Colour, tint of clouds, their soft or hard look, their outline, size, height, direction, all vary rapidly, yet each is significant.
Come along; they will be glad to see you.
Come back with him in less than five minutes and I'll give you half-a-crown! The boy was off like a shot.
Come back with the man, and I'll give you a shilling.
Come in and have some supper.
Come into the parlour.
Come now, forgive him! I was angry with him once myself, and I found I was in the wrong.
Come with me into the breakfast-room, we shall find everything there, and be sure of having the room to ourselves.
Come! Dine with us tomorrow.
Come! we must go back presently to the others.
Come, come away with me - come away from this place.
Come, do change your mind.
Come, doesn't it all look very pretty? It isn't gaudy, you know.
Comfortable hopes, however, were given that he would find Mr. Crawford at home.
Coming as he did from such a purport fulfilled as had taken him away, he would have expected anything rather than a look of satisfaction, and words of simple, pleasant meaning.
Compare the English carrier and the short-faced tumbler, and see th wonderful difference in their beaks, entailing corresponding differences i their skulls.
Compare the several floras of Great Britain, of France, or o the United States, drawn up by different botanists, and see what  surprising number of forms have been ranked by one botanist as goo species, and by another as mere varieties.
Compared with me, all the rest were blameless.
Compared with what she was now, her condition of the morning seemed positively natural.
Compared with you, who has a right to be happy? I have almost grudged myself my own prior knowledge of what you ought to have known before all the world.
Connected as we already are, and, I hope, are to be, to give up Mary Crawford would be to give up the society of some of those most dear to me; to banish myself from the very houses and friends whom, under any other distress, I should turn to for consolation.
Consequentl evidence of their former existence could be found only among fossil remains which are preserved, as we shall attempt to show in a future chapter, in a extremely imperfect and intermittent record.
Consequentl the groups which are now large, and which generally include many dominan species, tend to go on increasing in size.
Consequentl there is no reason to suppose that they have been inherited from a commo progenitor; for had this been the case they would have closely resemble each other in all respects.
Consequently each newly-formed variety would generally be at firs local, as seems to be the common rule with varieties in a state of nature so that similarly modified individuals would soon exist in a small bod together, and would often breed together.
Consequently if it were to undergo  considerable amount of modification during the deposition of any on geological formation, a section would not include all the fine intermediat gradations which must on our theory have existed, but abrupt, thoug perhaps slight, changes of form.
Consequently natural selection would have ha different materials or variations to work on, in order to arrive at th same functional result; and the structures thus acquired would almos necessarily have differed.
Consequently such parts, being already present i considerable numbers, and being highly variable, would naturally afford th materials for adaptation to the most different purposes; yet they woul generally retain, through the force of inheritance, plain traces of thei original or fundamental resemblance.
Consequently there seems at first no limit to the amount o profitable diversification of structure, and therefore no limit to th number of species which might be produced.
Consequently we have here everything favourable for much modification - fo far more modification than with the Alpine productions, left isolated within a much more recent period, on the several mountain ranges and on th arctic lands of Europe and North America.
Consequently, each new variety or species, during the progress of it formation, will generally press hardest on its nearest kindred, and tend t exterminate them.
Consequently, formations rich in fossils and sufficientl thick and extensive to resist subsequent degradation, will have been forme over wide spaces during periods of subsidence, but only where the supply o sediment was sufficient to keep the sea shallow and to embed and preserv the remains before they had time to decay.
Consequently, if the theory be true, it is indisputable that before th lowest Cambrian stratum was deposited long periods elapsed, as long as, o probably far longer than, the whole interval from the Cambrian age to th present day; and that during these vast periods the world swarmed wit living creatures.
Consequently, in the course of many thousand generations, th most distinct varieties of any one species of grass would have the bes chance of succeeding and of increasing in numbers, and thus of supplantin the less distinct varieties; and varieties, when rendered very distinc from each other, take the rank of species.
Consequently, the competition between fresh water productions will hav been less severe than elsewhere; new forms will have been more slowl produced, and old forms more slowly exterminated.
Consequently, whatever part of th structure of the common progenitor, or of its early descendants, becam variable; variations of this part would, it is highly probable, be take advantage of by natural and sexual selection, in order to fit the severa places in the economy of nature, and likewise to fit the two sexes of th same species to each other, or to fit the males to struggle with othe males for the possession of the females.
Consider the house as half your own every winter, and we will add to the stables on your own improved plan, and with all the improvements of your improved plan that may occur to you this spring.
Consider the prodigious vicissitudes of climat during the pleistocene period, which includes the whole glacial epoch, an note how little the specific forms of the inhabitants of the sea have bee affected.
Consider what it would be to act Amelia with a stranger.
Considering everything, I think a letter will be decidedly the best method of explanation.
Considering how flexible thin wax is, I do not see that there is an difficulty in the bees, whilst at work on the two sides of a strip of wax perceiving when they have gnawed the wax away to the proper thinness, an then stopping their work.
Considering that these several means of transport, and that other means which without doubt remain to be discovered, have been in action year afte year for tens of thousands of years, it would, I think, be a marvellou fact if many plants had not thus become widely transported.
Considering the nature of the differences between the specie in the group which includes the above Ceroxylus, there is nothin improbable in this insect having varied in the irregularities on it surface, and in these having become more or less green-coloured; for i every group the characters which differ in the several species are the mos apt to vary, while the generic characters, or those common to all th species, are the most constant.
Considering the several rules now given, which govern the fertility o first crosses and of hybrids, we see that when forms, which must b considered as good and distinct species, are united, their fertilit graduates from zero to perfect fertility, or even to fertility unde certain conditions in excess; that their fertility, besides being eminentl susceptible to favourable and unfavourable conditions, is innatel variable; that it is by no means always the same in degree in the firs cross and in the hybrids produced from this cross; that the fertility o hybrids is not related to the degree in which they resemble in externa appearance either parent; and lastly, that the facility of making a firs cross between any two species is not always governed by their systemati affinity or degree of resemblance to each other.
Constancy: I am not afraid of the word.
Contrast is necessary for this explanation.
Conversation with any of them occupied but a small part of it.
Cooled by evaporation as much as the state of the air admits - the moist (or wet) bulb thermometer shows temperature nearly equal to that of the other one, when the atmosphere is extremely damp, or moist; but lower at other times, - in proportion to the dryness of air, and consequent evaporation, as far as twelve of fifteen degrees in this climate; twenty or even more elsewhere.
Cottager's wife is a very pretty part, I assure you.
Could I have sent a few happy lines, they should not have been wanting, but nothing of that nature was ever in my power.
Could I immediately apply to either, however, I should still prefer you, because it strikes me that they have all along been so unwilling to have their own amusements cut up, as to shut their eyes to the truth.
Could Sir Thomas have seen all his niece's feelings, when she wrote her first letter to her aunt, he would not have despaired; for though a good night's rest, a pleasant morning, the hope of soon seeing William again, and the comparatively quiet state of the house, from Tom and Charles being gone to school, Sam on some project of his own, and her father on his usual lounges, enabled her to express herself cheerfully on the subject of home, there were still, to her own perfect consciousness, many drawbacks suppressed.
Could he have been satisfied with the conquest of one amiable woman's affections, could he have found sufficient exultation in overcoming the reluctance, in working himself into the esteem and tenderness of Fanny Price, there would have been every probability of success and felicity for him.
Could he have seen only half that she felt before the end of a week, he would have thought Mr. Crawford sure of her, and been delighted with his own sagacity.
Could it be possible? Edmund so inconsistent! Was he not deceiving himself? Was he not wrong? Alas! it was all Miss Crawford's doing.
Could she be detached from them! -  and sometimes I do not despair of it, for the affection appears to me principally on their side.
Could she believe Miss Crawford to deserve him, it would be - oh, how different would it be -  how far more tolerable! But he was deceived in her: he gave her merits which she had not; her faults were what they had ever been, but he saw them no longer.
Could they be much together, I feel sure of their liking each other.
Could we be all assembled, our satisfaction would undoubtedly be more complete, but the absence of some is not to debar the others of amusement.
Crawford called the next day, and on the score of Edmund's return, Sir Thomas felt himself more than licensed to ask him to stay dinner; it was really a necessary compliment.
Crawford could not have wished her more fatigued or more ready to sit down; but he could have wished her sister away.
Crawford had been too precipitate.
Crawford told me that you were wishing to hear from me, but I found it impossible to write from London, and persuaded myself that you would understand my silence.
Crawford took the volume.
Crawford was excessively pleased.
Crawford's is no common attachment; he perseveres, with the hope of creating that regard which had not been created before.
Crawford, delighted to get her to speak at any rate, was determined to keep it up; and poor Fanny, who had hoped to silence him by such an extremity of reproof, found herself sadly mistaken, and that it was only a change from one object of curiosity and one set of words to another.
Curiosity and vanity were both engaged, and the temptation of immediate pleasure was too strong for a mind unused to make any sacrifice to right: he resolved to defer his Norfolk journey, resolved that writing should answer the purpose of it, or that its purpose was unimportant, and staid.
Cuvier ranked the Ruminants and Pachyderms as two of th most distinct orders of mammals; but so many fossil links have bee disentombed that Owen has had to alter the whole classification, and ha placed certain Pachyderms in the same sub-order with ruminants; fo example, he dissolves by gradations the apparently wide interval betwee the pig and the camel.
Cuvier use to urge that no monkey occurred in any tertiary stratum; but now extinc species have been discovered in India, South America and in Europe, as fa back as the miocene stage.
Cyclonology, or really meteorology, is simple enough in these great characteristic effects; but their causes must be the philosopher' study, rather than that of the young practical seaman.
Dalton, likewise, in Pander an Dalton's work on Fossil Sloths, expressed, in 1821, a similar belief.
Darkness is cheap, and Scrooge liked it.
De Candolle ha remarked that winged seeds are never found in fruits which do not open;  should explain this rule by the impossibility of seeds gradually becomin winged through natural selection, unless the capsules were open; for i this case alone could the seeds, which were a little better adapted to b wafted by the wind, gain an advantage over others less well fitted for wid dispersal.
De Candolle has observed, a commo alpine species disappears.
De Candolle then goes on to say that h gives the rank of species to the forms that differ by characters neve varying on the same tree, and never found connected by intermediate states.
Dear Fanny, write directly, and tell us to come.
Dear heart alive, how his niece by marriage started! Scrooge had forgotten, for the moment, about her sitting in the corner with the footstool, or he wouldn't have done it, on any account.
Dear me! thought I, how apt history is to reverse contemporary judgments.
Decidedly.
Deep lanes were mowed amidst the thick crowd; the dead and dying covered the ground, and the shrieks and wails and cries of horror filled all the air, till it seemed as if there were nothing else in the world but murder and death.
Delicacy to her parents made her careful not to betray such a preference of her uncle's house.
Denial was impossible.
Depend upon it, there is some mistake, and that a day or two will clear it up; at any rate, that Henry is blameless, and in spite of a moment's etourderie, thinks of nobody but you.
Depend upon it, you see but half.
Depending on pressure and temperature.
Descending squalls come slanting downwards, off high land,or from upper regions of atmosphere.
Dew is an indication of fine weather.
Dick (who, in spite of Clara's gibe, knew the place very well) told me that the beautiful old Tudor rooms, which I remembered had been the dwellings of the lesser fry of Court flunkies, were now much used by people coming and going; for, beautiful as architecture had now become, and although the whole face of the country had quite recovered its beauty, there was still a sort of tradition of pleasure and beauty which clung to that group of buildings, and people thought going to Hampton Court a necessary summer outing, as they did in the days when London was so grimy and miserable.
Dick and his father were henceforth on terms of coldness.
Dick answered her with some lover's speech, impossible to be written down, and then we sat quiet a little.
Dick asked himself with concern whether she were altogether in her right wits.
Dick brought me at once into the little field which, as I had seen from the garden, was covered with gaily-coloured tents arranged in orderly lanes, about which were sitting and lying on the grass some fifty or sixty men, women, and children, all of them in the height of good temper and enjoyment - with their holiday mood on, so to say.
Dick came up to his table and inquired if he might look at what the gentleman was doing.
Dick consented.
Dick could not sufficiently congratulate himself on the escape he had effected.
Dick explained to me that there were scattered houses in the forest, and indeed we caught a glimpse of one or two.
Dick found him one day at the receipt of custom, rapidly painting a pair of hens and a cock in a little water-colour sketching box, and now and then glancing at the ceiling like a man who should seek inspiration from the muse.
Dick got very much excited now, and often stood up in the boat to cry out to us that this was such and such a field, and so forth; and we caught fire at his enthusiasm for the hay-field and its harvest, and pulled our best.
Dick had a respect for his father as the best of men, tempered by the politic revolt of a youth who has to see to his own independence.
Dick had never found any one take a fancy to him so readily, nor show it in an easier or less offensive manner.
Dick laughed.
Dick lay on his oars, and we followed his example.
Dick looked at her hard, and half reached out his hand toward her, and his whole face quivered with emotion.
Dick looked at him with some wonder.
Dick moved on a little without a word to me.
Dick nodded smilingly, and the old man and I were soon alone in the great hall, the afternoon sun gleaming on the red wine in our tall quaint-shaped glasses.
Dick paused for an instant on the threshold of the platform.
Dick protested, but in vain.
Dick remained as she had left him, standing squarely upon one foot and resting only on the toe of the other, and as he stood he listened with his soul.
Dick rose in the boat and cried out a genial good morrow; I tried to be as genial as Dick, but failed; Clara waved a delicate hand to her; and Morsom nodded and looked on with interest.
Dick said it was.
Dick seemed roused, and even angry.
Dick she motioned sharply towards the door, and he could only obey her.
Dick stood aghast.
Dick stood looking at him in a maze.
Dick thought it remarkable that a painter should choose to work over an absinthe in a public cafe, and looked the man over.
Dick took her in his arms, and their lips were set together for a long while.
Dick used to wax indignant, and none the less so because, as his father was a skilful disputant, he found himself not seldom in the wrong.
Dick was clearly kicking him underneath the table; but he was not much abashed, and awaited my answer somewhat eagerly.
Dick was confounded; he recovered from astonishment only to fall into doubt and alarm.
Dick was left hobbled by the canvas, and was subjected to Van Tromp for about an hour.
Dick was left once more alone to darkness and to that dulled and dogged state of mind when a man thinks that misery must now have done her worst, and is almost glad to think so.
Dick was put to this menial task forthwith, the Admiral not even watching how he did, but quite occupied with another grog and a pleasant vein of talk.
Dick wondered who paid for these excursions, and at the thought that the reprobate must get his pocket money where he got his board and lodging, from poor Esther's generosity, he had it almost in his heart to knock the old gentleman down.
Dick would have retreated, in the panic terror of the moment; but Esther kept a bright look-out when her lover was expected.
Dick's friend looked to be a man of about forty; tall, black-haired, very kind-looking and thoughtful; but rather to my surprise there was a shade of melancholy on his face, and he seemed a little abstracted and inattentive to our chat, in spite of obvious efforts to listen.
Dick's heart had grown as cold as ice.
Dick's shirt was wet; he made a lumbering excuse to go; which Esther explained to herself by a fear of intrusion, and so set down to the merit side of Dick's account, while she proceeded to detain him.
Dick's solicitude was nipped and frosted.
Dick, on his part, was as white as a sheet; his eyes burned and his lips trembled with anger as he thrust the door suddenly open, introduced Esther with ceremonious gallantry, and stood forward and knocked his hat firmer on his head like a man about to leap.
Dick, standing by me was looking round the company with an air of proprietorship in them, I thought.
Dick, who had heard nothing of the matter, was up first on that inauspicious day, and took the journal to an arbour in the garden.
Did Admiral Crawford apply? How was it? I am stupefied.
Did a Clockmaker exist, it was not to be supposed he could suffer these expressions to pass unpunished; it was to be feared the whole caraffe might be involved in his revenge.
Differences in the larva might, also become correlated with successive stages of its development; so that th larva, in the first stage, might come to differ greatly from the larva i the second stage, as is the case with many animals.
Difficult as it is to foretell weather accurately, much useful foresight may be acquired by combining the indications of instruments such as the barometer, thermometer, and hygrometer with atmospheric appearances.
Difficulties of the theory of descent with modification  -  Absence o rarity of transitional varieties  -  Transitions in habits of life  - Diversified habits in the same species  -  Species with habits widel different from those of their allies  -  Organs of extreme perfection  - Modes of transition  -  Cases of difficulty  -  Natura non facit saltum  - Organs of small importance  -  Organs not in all cases absolutely perfect  - The law of Unity of Type and of the Conditions of Existence embraced by th theory of Natural Selection.
Dinner over, we sauntered through the ancient rooms, where the pictures and tapestry were still preserved, and nothing was much changed, except that the people whom we met there had an indefinable kind of look of being at home and at ease, which communicated itself to me, so that I felt that the beautiful old place was mine in the best sense of the word; and my pleasure of past days seemed to add itself to that of to-day, and filled my whole soul with content.
Dinner passed heavily.
Dinner was soon followed by tea and coffee, a ten miles' drive home allowed no waste of hours; and from the time of their sitting down to table, it was a quick succession of busy nothings till the carriage came to the door, and Mrs. Norris, having fidgeted about, and obtained a few pheasants' eggs and a cream cheese from the housekeeper, and made abundance of civil speeches to Mrs. Rushworth, was ready to lead the way.
Distinction between the sterility of first crosses and of hybrids  - Sterility various in degree, not universal, affected by clos interbreeding, removed by domestication  -  Laws governing the sterility o hybrids  -  Sterility not a special endowment, but incidental on othe differences, not accumulated by natural selection  -  Causes of th sterility of first crosses and of hybrids  -  Parallelism between th effects of changed conditions of life and of crossing  -  Dimorphism an trimorphism  -  Fertility of varieties when crossed and of their mongre offspring not universal  -  Hybrids and mongrels compared independently o their fertility  -  Summary.
Distribution of fresh-water productions  -  On the inhabitants of oceani islands  -  Absence of Batrachians and of terrestrial Mammals  -  On th relation of the inhabitants of islands to those of the nearest mainland  - On colonisation from the nearest source with subsequent modification  - Summary of the last and present chapters.
Disuse, aided sometimes by natural selection, will often have reduce organs when rendered useless under changed habits or conditions of life and we can understand on this view the meaning of rudimentary organs.
Do have a basin of soup.
Do not ask advice of me.
Do not check yourself.
Do not distress me.
Do not give him a hint of it.
Do not hurry yourself, I entreat.
Do not let him injure his own cause by interference.
Do not let us be frightened from a good deed by a trifle.
Do not run away the first moment of its holding up.
Do not tell me anything now, which hereafter you may be sorry for.
Do not think of me as I appeared then.
Do not turn away from me.
Do not urge her any more.
Do not you see your aunt is going? Quick, quick! I cannot bear to keep good old Wilcox waiting.
Do not you think Edmund would have been in town again long ago, but for this illness? -  Yours ever, Mary.
Do wait for Mr. Rushworth.
Do you find them agreeable acquaintance? Tom was the only one at all ready with an answer, but he being entirely without particular regard for either, without jealousy either in love or acting, could speak very handsomely of both.
Do you know, she says she does not want to learn either music or drawing.
Do you mean the tide? If so, it is close on the turn now.
Do you remember it? I came to rehearse.
Do you think I cannot enjoy your pleasures? Esther, I do.
Do you think, if you can tell it to me, and I understand at once, that it would be more difficult to tell it to your own father, or that he would not be more ready to sympathise with you than I am? And I love you, Dick; but then he is your father.
Do you wonder at it? In times past, indeed, men were told to love their kind, to believe in the religion of humanity, and so forth.
Does it not strike you so, Fanny? You hesitate.
Does the barometer show a sudden change of wind as well as the coming on of bad weather?
Domestic instincts are sometimes spoken of as actions which have becom inherited solely from long-continued and compulsory habit, but this is no true.
Domestic instincts, a they may be called, are certainly far less fixed than natural instincts but they have been acted on by far less rigorous selection, and have bee transmitted for an incomparably shorter period, under less fixed condition of life.
Domestic races often have a somewha monstrous character; by which I mean, that, although differing from eac other and from other species of the same genus, in several triflin respects, they often differ in an extreme degree in some one part, bot when compared one with another, and more especially when compared with th species under nature to which they are nearest allied.
Domesticated productions, on th other hand, which, as shown by the mere fact of their domestication, wer not originally highly sensitive to changes in their conditions of life, an which can now generally resist with undiminished fertility repeated change of conditions, might be expected to produce varieties, which would b little liable to have their reproductive powers injuriously affected by th act of crossing with other varieties which had originated in a like manner.
Dominant species belonging to the larger groups within each class tend t give birth to new and dominant forms; so that each large group tends t become still larger, and at the same time more divergent in character.
Don't act yourself, if you do not like it, but don't expect to govern everybody else.
Don't ask me about it just now; I may tell you about it later on.
Don't be grieved! Bob was very cheerful with them, and spoke pleasantly to all the family.
Don't imagine that nobody in this house can see or judge but yourself.
Don't misunderstand me.
Don't repulse me, my boy.
Don't you see that she is dressed deliciously for this beautiful weather? And as for the sun-burning of your hay-fields, why, I hope to pick up some of that for myself when we get a little higher up the river.
Don't you think he will look younger after a little time with us? The old man shook his head, and looked earnestly at me, but did not answer her, and for a moment or two we were all silent.
Doubtless this would have happened if it had not been that the huge mass had been leavened by Socialist opinion in the first place, and in the second by actual contact with declared Socialists, many or indeed most of whom were members of those bodies of workmen above said.
Down I went on to it, and sure enough among the empty boats moored to it lay a man on his sculls in a solid-looking tub of a boat clearly meant for bathers.
Down in the west the setting sun had left a streak of fiery red, which glared upon the desolation for an instant, like a sullen eye, and frowning lower, lower, lower yet, was lost in the thick gloom of darkest night.
Down on the green lip of the river, just where the water turns toward the Goring and Streatley reaches, were half a dozen girls playing about on the grass.
Dr. Cruge sent me a flower in spirits of wine, with a bee which he had killed befor it had quite crawled out, with a pollen-mass still fastened to its back.
Dr. Grant and Mrs. Norris were seldom good friends; their acquaintance had begun in dilapidations, and their habits were totally dissimilar.
Dr. Grant is giving Bertram instructions about the living he is to step into so soon.
Dr. Grant laughingly congratulated Miss Crawford on feeling no disinclination to the state herself.
Dr. Grant was in the vestibule, and as they stopt to speak to him she found, from Edmund's manner, that he did mean to go with her.
Dr. Grant, professing an indisposition, for which he had little credit with his fair sister-in-law, could not spare his wife.
Dr. Grant, through an interest on which he had almost ceased to form hopes, succeeded to a stall in Westminster, which, as affording an occasion for leaving Mansfield, an excuse for residence in London, and an increase of income to answer the expenses of the change, was highly acceptable to those who went and those who staid.
Dr. Hooker has als lately shown that several of the plants living on the upper parts of th lofty island of Fernando Po, and on the neighbouring Cameroon Mountains, i the Gulf of Guinea, are closely related to those on the mountains o Abyssinia, and likewise to those of temperate Europe.
Dr. Hooker has recently shown that in the southeas corner of Australia, where, apparently, there are many invaders fro different quarters of the globe, the endemic Australian species have bee greatly reduced in number.
Dr. Hooker informs me tha twenty-five species of Algae are common to New Zealand and to Europe, bu have not been found in the intermediate tropical seas.
Dr. Hooker permits me to ad that after having carefully read my manuscript, and examined the tables, h thinks that the following statements are fairly well established.
Dr. Prosper Lucas' treatise, in two large volumes, is the fullest and the bes on this subject.
Dr. and Mrs. Grant would enliven us, and make our evenings pass away with more enjoyment even to my father.
Draw a circle; mark the direction of the rotation or circulation, by an arrow with the head towards the left hand (against the movement of a watch's hands) in North latitude; but towards the right (or with the hands of a watch) if in South latitude.
Draw your chair nearer, my dear.
Drift timber i thrown up on most islands, even on those in the midst of the widest oceans and the natives of the coral islands in the Pacific procure stones fo their tools, solely from the roots of drifted trees, these stones being  valuable royal tax.
Due allowance, therefore, should be made in observing, when on high land.
During carriage, it ought to be kept with the cistern end uppermost, or lying flat, the former position being preferable.
During early youth however, they stand opposite to each other, and the whole body is the symmetrical, with both sides equally coloured.
During periods of elevation th area of the land and of the adjoining shoal parts of the sea will b increased and new stations will often be formed - all circumstance favourable, as previously explained, for the formation of new varieties an species; but during such periods there will generally be a blank in th geological record.
During th convalescence of animals, great benefit is derived from almost any chang in their habits of life.
During the Glacial period, when the inhabitants of the Old and New World lived further southwards than they do at present, they must have been stil more completely separated from each other by wider spaces of ocean; so tha it may well be asked how the same species could then or previously hav entered the two continents.
During the alternate periods of elevation and of stationary leve the record will generally be blank.
During the last few days there had been groups of men parading the streets asking (or, if you please, demanding) money to buy food; and what for goodwill, what for fear, the richer people gave them a good deal.
During the months of June an July, on three successive years, I watched for many hours several nests i Surrey and Sussex, and never saw a slave either leave or enter a nest.
During the periods of subsidence, there would probably be much extinctio of life; during the periods of elevation, there would be much variation but the geological record would then be less perfect.
During the slowly decreasing warmth of the Pliocene period, as soon as th species in common, which inhabited the New and Old Worlds, migrated sout of the Polar Circle, they will have been completely cut off from eac other.
During the whole of this time, Scrooge had acted like a man out of his wits.
During the year 1860, however, in the month of July, I cam across a community with an unusually large stock of slaves, and I observe a few slaves mingled with their masters leaving the nest, and marchin along the same road to a tall Scotch-fir tree, twenty-five yards distant which they ascended together, probably in search of aphides or cocci.
During these latter periods there wil probably be more variability in the forms of life; during periods o subsidence, more extinction.
During these long and blank intervals I suppos that the inhabitants of each region underwent a considerable amount o modification and extinction, and that there was much migration from othe parts of the world.
During this length of time the shell might have bee carried by a marine country of average swiftness to a distance of 66 geographical miles.
During this, the coldest period, the lowlands under the equator must hav been clothed with a mingled tropical and temperate vegetation, like tha described by Hooker as growing luxuriantly at the height of from four t five thousand feet on the lower slopes of the Himalaya, but with perhaps  still greater preponderance of temperate forms.
During two or three days they slowly careered round and round in an immens ellipse, at least five or six miles in diameter, and at night alighted o the taller trees, which were completely coated with them.
Eac formation, on this view, does not mark a new and complete act of creation but only an occasional scene, taken almost at hazard, in an ever slowl changing drama.
Each house stood in a garden carefully cultivated, and running over with flowers.
Each man is free to exercise his special faculty to the utmost, and every one encourages him in so doing.
Each new form also, as soon as it has been much improved, will be able to spread over th open and continuous area, and will thus come into competition with man other forms.
Each of the endless variations which w see in the plumage of our fowls must have had some efficient cause; and i the same cause were to act uniformly during a long series of generations o many individuals, all probably would be modified in the same manner.
Each sister believed herself the favourite.
Each sister looked anxious; for each felt the best claim to Agatha, and was hoping to have it pressed on her by the rest.
Each was thoughtful.
Each word of the slowly-changing language, more o less different in the successive chapters, may represent the forms of life which are entombed in our consecutive formations, and which falsely appea to have been abruptly introduced.
Earth, air and water, each seemed in better health and had more of the shrewd salt of life in them than upon ordinary mornings; and from east to west, from the lowest glen to the height of heaven, from every look and touch and scent, a human creature could gather the most encouraging intelligence as to the durability and spirit of the universe.
Easter came particularly late this year, as Fanny had most sorrowfully considered, on first learning that she had no chance of leaving Portsmouth till after it.
Ecclesford and its theatre, with its arrangements and dresses, rehearsals and jokes, was his never-failing subject, and to boast of the past his only consolation.
Edmund and Julia were invited to dine at the Parsonage, and she was excluded.
Edmund considered it every way, and saw nothing but what was right.
Edmund could not answer him.
Edmund could not but agree to it.
Edmund could not help noticing their apparently deep tranquillity.
Edmund could not share it.
Edmund did not discern any symptoms of regret, and thought his father a little unreasonable in supposing the first three or four days could produce any.
Edmund did not wonder that such should be his father's feelings, nor could he regret anything but the exclusion of the Grants.
Edmund had already gone through the service once since his ordination; and upon this being understood, he had a variety of questions from Crawford as to his feelings and success; questions, which being made, though with the vivacity of friendly interest and quick taste, without any touch of that spirit of banter or air of levity which Edmund knew to be most offensive to Fanny, he had true pleasure in satisfying; and when Crawford proceeded to ask his opinion and give his own as to the properest manner in which particular passages in the service should be delivered, shewing it to be a subject on which he had thought before, and thought with judgment, Edmund was still more and more pleased.
Edmund had descended from that moral elevation which he had maintained before, and they were both as much the better as the happier for the descent.
Edmund had determined that it belonged entirely to Fanny to chuse whether her situation with regard to Crawford should be mentioned between them or not; and that if she did not lead the way, it should never be touched on by him; but after a day or two of mutual reserve, he was induced by his father to change his mind, and try what his influence might do for his friend.
Edmund had great things to hear on his return.
Edmund had greatly the advantage of her in this respect.
Edmund had many.
Edmund had not yet spoken.
Edmund knocked at her door in his way to his own.
Edmund laughed.
Edmund left the seat likewise.
Edmund looked pleased, which must be Fanny's comfort, and the ride to Mansfield Common took place the next morning: the party included all the young people but herself, and was much enjoyed at the time, and doubly enjoyed again in the evening discussion.
Edmund looked round at Mr. Rushworth too, but had nothing to say.
Edmund might still look grave, and say he did not like the scheme in general, and must disapprove the play in particular; their point was gained: he was to act, and he was driven to it by the force of selfish inclinations only.
Edmund might, in the common phrase, do the duty of Thornton, that is, he might read prayers and preach, without giving up Mansfield Park: he might ride over every Sunday, to a house nominally inhabited, and go through divine service; he might be the clergyman of Thornton Lacey every seventh day, for three or four hours, if that would content him.
Edmund now believed himself perfectly acquainted with all that Fanny could tell, or could leave to be conjectured of her sentiments, and he was satisfied.
Edmund proposed, urged, entreated it, till the lady, not very unwilling at first, could refuse no longer, and Fanny was wanted only to prompt and observe them.
Edmund reverted to the harp, and was again very happy in the prospect of hearing her play.
Edmund said no more to either lady; but going quietly to another table, on which the supper-tray yet remained, brought a glass of Madeira to Fanny, and obliged her to drink the greater part.
Edmund said no more.
Edmund saw it all, and saw Fanny so determined not to see it, as to make it clear that the voice was enough to convey the full meaning of the protestation; and such a quick consciousness of compliment, such a ready comprehension of a hint, he thought, was rather favourable than not.
Edmund saw weariness and distress in her face, and immediately resolved to forbear all farther discussion; and not even to mention the name of Crawford again, except as it might be connected with what must be agreeable to her.
Edmund smiled and shook his head.
Edmund urged her remaining where she was with an earnestness which she could not resist, and she was left on the bench to think with pleasure of her cousin's care, but with great regret that she was not stronger.
Edmund was absent at this time, or the evil would have been earlier remedied.
Edmund was all in all.
Edmund was almost as welcome to his brother as Fanny to her aunt; but Mrs. Norris, instead of having comfort from either, was but the more irritated by the sight of the person whom, in the blindness of her anger, she could have charged as the daemon of the piece.
Edmund was at the Parsonage every day, to be indulged with his favourite instrument: one morning secured an invitation for the next; for the lady could not be unwilling to have a listener, and every thing was soon in a fair train.
Edmund was at this time particularly full of cares: his mind being deeply occupied in the consideration of two important events now at hand, which were to fix his fate in life - ordination and matrimony - events of such a serious character as to make the ball, which would be very quickly followed by one of them, appear of less moment in his eyes than in those of any other person in the house.
Edmund was close to her; he was speaking to her; he was evidently directing her management of the bridle; he had hold of her hand; she saw it, or the imagination supplied what the eye could not reach.
Edmund was fond of speaking to her of Miss Crawford, but he seemed to think it enough that the Admiral had since been spared; and she scrupled to point out her own remarks to him, lest it should appear like ill-nature.
Edmund was not sorry to be admitted again among the number of those who might speak and hear.
Edmund was not unwilling to be persuaded to engage in the business; he wanted to know Fanny's feelings.
Edmund was sorry to hear Miss Crawford, whom he was much disposed to admire, speak so freely of her uncle.
Edmund was the only one of the family who could see a fault in the business; but no representation of his aunt's could induce him to find Mr. Rushworth a desirable companion.
Edmund was uniformly kind himself; and she had nothing worse to endure on the part of Tom than that sort of merriment which a young man of seventeen will always think fair with a child of ten.
Edmund watched the progress of her attention, and was amused and gratified by seeing how she gradually slackened in the needlework, which at the beginning seemed to occupy her totally: how it fell from her hand while she sat motionless over it, and at last, how the eyes which had appeared so studiously to avoid him throughout the day were turned and fixed on Crawford - fixed on him for minutes, fixed on him, in short, till the attraction drew Crawford's upon her, and the book was closed, and the charm was broken.
Edmund would be forgiven for being a clergyman, it seemed, under certain conditions of wealth; and this, she suspected, was all the conquest of prejudice which he was so ready to congratulate himself upon.
Edmund's account of Fanny's disposition he could believe to be just; he supposed she had all those feelings, but he must consider it as very unfortunate that she had; for, less willing than his son to trust to the future, he could not help fearing that if such very long allowances of time and habit were necessary for her, she might not have persuaded herself into receiving his addresses properly before the young man's inclination for paying them were over.
Edmund's deep sighs often reached Fanny.
Edmund's feelings were for the other two.
Edmund's first object the next morning was to see his father alone, and give him a fair statement of the whole acting scheme, defending his own share in it as far only as he could then, in a soberer moment, feel his motives to deserve, and acknowledging, with perfect ingenuousness, that his concession had been attended with such partial good as to make his judgment in it very doubtful.
Edmund's friendship never failed her: his leaving Eton for Oxford made no change in his kind dispositions, and only afforded more frequent opportunities of proving them.
Edmund's letter had this postscript.
Edmund's plans were affected by this Portsmouth journey, this absence of Fanny's.
Edmund, William, and Fanny did, in their different ways, look and speak as much grateful pleasure in the promised ball as Sir Thomas could desire.
Edmund, am I saying too much? Edmund, on this appeal, had first to hear what was going on; but, on understanding the question, was at no loss for an answer.
Edmund, between his theatrical and his real part, between Miss Crawford's claims and his own conduct, between love and consistency, was equally unobservant; and Mrs. Norris was too busy in contriving and directing the general little matters of the company, superintending their various dresses with economical expedient, for which nobody thanked her, and saving, with delighted integrity, half a crown here and there to the absent Sir Thomas, to have leisure for watching the behaviour, or guarding the happiness of his daughters.
Edmund, too - to be two months from him (and perhaps she might be allowed to make her absence three) must do her good.
Edmund, who had taken down the mare and presided at the whole, returned with it in excellent time, before either Fanny or the steady old coachman, who always attended her when she rode without her cousins, were ready to set forward.
Edmund, you have heard me mention Charles Anderson.
Edward Forbe insisted that all the islands in the Atlantic must have been recentl connected with Europe or Africa, and Europe likewise with America.
Effects of changed conditions  -  Use and disuse, combined with natura selection; organs of flight and of vision  -  Acclimatisation  -  Correlate variation  -  Compensation and economy of growth  -  False correlations  - Multiple, rudimentary, and lowly organised structures variable  -  Part developed in an unusual manner are highly variable: specific character more variable than generic:  secondary sexual characters variable  - Species of the same genus vary in an analogous manner  -  Reversions t long-lost characters  -  Summary.
Eggs or very young animals seem generally t suffer most, but this is not invariably the case.
Either his going had been again delayed, or he had yet procured no opportunity of seeing Miss Crawford alone, or he was too happy for letter-writing One morning, about this time, Fanny having now been nearly four weeks from Mansfield, a point which she never failed to think over and calculate every day, as she and Susan were preparing to remove, as usual, upstairs, they were stopped by the knock of a visitor, whom they felt they could not avoid, from Rebecca's alertness in going to the door, a duty which always interested her beyond any other.
Either, first, that all the severa imagined aboriginal stocks were coloured and marked like the rock-pigeon although no other existing species is thus coloured and marked, so that i each separate breed there might be a tendency to revert to the very sam colours and markings.
Ellen and I were once more together in her boat, though Dick, for fairness' sake, was for having me in his, and letting the two women scull the green toy.
Ellen laughed heartily.
Ellen leaned back in the stern and seemed to enjoy herself thoroughly.
Ellen seemed delighted with my pleasure at this, that, or the other piece of carefulness in dealing with the river: the nursing of pretty corners; the ingenuity in dealing with difficulties of water-engineering, so that the most obviously useful works looked beautiful and natural also.
Ellen, however, would not allow this, but claimed me as the interesting person of the company.
Ellen, to my disappointment, was not amongst them, but presently I saw a light figure come out of the hay-field higher up the slope, and make for our house; and that was Ellen, holding a basket in her hand.
Embryolog will often reveal to us the structure, in some degree obscured, of th prototypes of each great class.
Embryologica resemblances of all kinds can be accounted for, as we shall hereafter see by the progenitors of our existing species having varied after early youth and having transmitted their newly-acquired characters to their offspring at a corresponding age.
Embryology rises greatly in interest, when we look at the embry as a picture, more or less obscured, of the progenitor, either in its adul or larval state, of all the members of the same great class.
Employment, even melancholy, may dispel melancholy, and her occupations were hopeful.
En resume, L'OBSERVATION des animaux sauvages demontre deja l variabilite LIMITEE des especes.
England was once a country of clearings amongst the woods and wastes, with a few towns interspersed, which were fortresses for the feudal army, markets for the folk, gathering places for the craftsmen.
Entirely against his judgment, a scene-painter arrived from town, and was at work, much to the increase of the expenses, and, what was worse, of the eclat of their proceedings; and his brother, instead of being really guided by him as to the privacy of the representation, was giving an invitation to every family who came in his way.
Entreaty should be from one quarter only.
Equally formed for domestic life, and attached to country pleasures, their home was the home of affection and comfort; and to complete the picture of good, the acquisition of Mansfield living, by the death of Dr. Grant, occurred just after they had been married long enough to begin to want an increase of income, and feel their distance from the paternal abode an inconvenience.
Equally, if no one backs the proposer, - 'seconds him,' it used to be called - the matter drops for the time being; a thing not likely to happen amongst reasonable men, however, as the proposer is sure to have talked it over with others before the Mote.
Ere he left Paris Van Tromp was one of those whom he entertained to a farewell supper; and the old gentleman made the speech of the evening, and then fell below the table, weeping, smiling, paralysed.
Errati boulders have, also, been noticed on the Rocky Mountains.
Esther found herself at variance with her sweetest friend; she could no longer look into his heart and find it written with the same language as her own; she could no longer think of him as the sun which radiated happiness upon her life, for she had turned to him once, and he had breathed upon her black and chilly, radiated blackness and frost.
Esther had kept ahead all the way, and Dick plodded obediently in her wake; but as they neared the stables, he pushed on and took the lead.
Esther had not made a sign throughout the interview, and still kept silence now that it was over; but the Admiral, who had once or twice moved forward and drawn back again, now advanced for good.
Esther made a movement towards the door, but long before she reached it she had broken forth sobbing.
Esther obeyed.
Esther recognised him at once; she had often seen him before, though with her huge indifference for all that lay outside the circle of her love, she had never so much as wondered who he was; but now she recognised him, and found him ten years older, leaden and springless, and stamped by an abiding sorrow.
Esther returned with the tea-things, and sat down.
Esther sat upright at the table, her head resting on her hand, her eyes fixed upon the candle.
Esther stood bolt upright and looked steadily at some chickens in the corner of the yard.
Esther took as little notice of him as might be.
Esther was sitting on a stool beside her father's feet, holding her knees in her arms, and looking with pride from one to the other of her two visitors.
Esther, at this moment, re-entered the room.
Esther, passive as ever, was helped out and crossed the garden with a slow and mechanical gait; and Dick, following close behind her, heard from within the cottage his father's voice upraised in an anathema, and the shriller tones of the Admiral responding in the key of war.
Esther, whose eyes had come alive and her cheeks flushed during these last words, relapsed in a second into a state of petrifaction.
Evaporation.
Eve throughout the extensive and shallow seas within the archipelago sedimentary beds could hardly be accumulated of great thickness during th periods of elevation, or become capped and protected by subsequen deposits, so as to have a good chance of enduring to a very distant future.
Even Dr. Grant does shew a thorough confidence in my sister, and a certain consideration for her judgment, which makes one feel there is attachment; but of that I shall see nothing with the Frasers.
Even Edmund was very thankful for an arrangement which restored him to his share of the party; and Mrs. Norris thought it an excellent plan, and had it at her tongue's end, and was on the point of proposing it, when Mrs. Grant spoke.
Even I am sorry for him, and he has been the loss of all I cared for.
Even Ireland has a few animals, now generally regarded a varieties, but which have been ranked as species by some zoologists.
Even a the present day, looking to members of the same class, naturalists are no unanimous which forms ought to be ranked as highest:  thus, some look a the selaceans or sharks, from their approach in some important points o structure to reptiles, as the highest fish; others look at the teleostean as the highest.
Even animals, birds, and insects have a presaging instinct, perhaps a bodily feeling, that warns them.
Even as long ago as 1747, such facts le Gmelin to conclude that the same species must have been independentl created at many distinct points; and we might have remained in this sam belief, had not Agassiz and others called vivid attention to the Glacia period, which, as we shall immediately see, affords a simple explanation o these facts.
Even at first sight it was a gay little craft indeed - bright green, and painted over with elegantly drawn flowers.
Even at present, by comparing the differences between th inhabitants of the sea on the opposite sides of a continent, and the natur of the various inhabitants of that continent in relation to their apparen means of immigration, some light can be thrown on ancient geography.
Even at this day, if the Mala Archipelago were converted into land, the tropical parts of the India Ocean would form a large and perfectly enclosed basin, in which any grea group of marine animals might be multiplied; and here they would remai confined, until some of the species became adapted to a cooler climate, an were enabled to double the southern capes of Africa or Australia, and thu reach other and distant seas.
Even different varieties of the pear take wit different degrees of facility on the quince; so do different varieties o the apricot and peach on certain varieties of the plum.
Even his eyes, despairing of encouragement, ceased to attend on hers.
Even i the fitting variations did arise, it does not follow that natural selectio would be able to act on them and produce a structure which apparently woul be beneficial to the species.
Even if th few fossil species which are common to the Old and New Worlds were kep wholly out of view, the general parallelism in the successive forms o life, in the palaeozoic and tertiary stages, would still be manifest, an the several formations could be easily correlated.
Even if these take place only at long intervals of time, the youn thus produced will gain so much in vigour and fertility over the offsprin from long-continued self-fertilisation, that they will have a better chanc of surviving and propagating their kind; and thus in the long run th influence of crosses, even at rare intervals, will be great.
Even in groups, in which the adults have bee modified to an extreme degree, community of origin is often revealed by th structure of the larvae; we have seen, for instance, that cirripedes though externally so like shell-fish, are at once known by their larvae t belong to the great class of crustaceans.
Even in ordinary changes of weather it is interesting, as well as useful, to mark the formation or disappearance of clouds, caused by colder and warmer currents of air mixing: or intermingling.
Even in so short an interval as that betwee the first and second editions of Pictet's great work on Palaeontology published in 1844-46 and in 1853-57, the conclusions on the firs appearance and disappearance of several groups of animals have bee considerably modified; and a third edition would require still furthe changes.
Even in such trifling characters as th colouring, the harsh tone of the voice, and undulatory flight, its clos blood-relationship to our common woodpecker is plainly declared; yet, as  can assert, not only from my own observations, but from those of th accurate Azara, in certain large districts it does not climb trees, and i makes its nest in holes in banks!  In certain other districts, however this same woodpecker, as Mr. Hudson states, frequents trees, and bore holes in the trunk for its nest.
Even in th case of the breeds of the domestic dog throughout the world, which I admi are descended from several wild species, it cannot be doubted that ther has been an immense amount of inherited variation; for who will believ that animals closely resembling the Italian greyhound, the bloodhound, th bull-dog, pug-dog, or Blenheim spaniel, etc.
Even in the midst of his late infatuation, he had acknowledged Fanny's mental superiority.
Even in the rude circumferential rim or wall of wax round  growing comb, flexures may sometimes be observed, corresponding in positio to the planes of the rhombic basal plates of future cells.
Even in the same sub-breed, as in that of the short-face tumbler, it is notoriously difficult to breed nearly perfect birds, man departing widely from the standard.
Even in the sick chamber the fortunate Mary was not forgotten.
Even in thi case, how small would be the chance of a seed falling on favourable soil and coming to maturity!  But it would be a great error to argue tha because a well-stocked island, like Great Britain, has not, as far as i known (and it would be very difficult to prove this), received within th last few centuries, through occasional means of transport, immigrants fro Europe or any other continent, that a poorly-stocked island, thoug standing more remote from the mainland, would not receive colonists b similar means.
Even now, she speaks with pleasure of being in Mansfield in June; but June is at a great distance, and I believe I shall write to her.
Even o a wide area, which has during a long period remained continuous, and o which the climatic and other conditions of life change insensibly i proceeding from a district occupied by one species into another distric occupied by a closely allied species, we have no just right to expect ofte to find intermediate varieties in the intermediate zones.
Even slow-breeding man ha doubled in twenty-five years, and at this rate, in less than a thousan years, there would literally not be standing room for his progeny.
Even strongly-marked difference occasionally appear in the young of the same litter, and in seedlings fro the same seed-capsule.
Even the quite young aphides behaved in this manner showing that the action was instinctive, and not the result of experience.
Even the uniform county of Cambridg has 847 plants, and the little island of Anglesea 764, but a few ferns an a few introduced plants are included in these numbers, and the compariso in some other respects is not quite fair.
Even the wide interval between birds and reptiles has been shown by th naturalist just quoted to be partially bridged over in the most unexpecte manner, on the one hand, by the ostrich and extinct Archeopteryx, and o the other hand by the Compsognathus, one of the Dinosaurians - that grou which includes the most gigantic of all terrestrial reptiles.
Even their mother missed them; and how much more their tenderhearted cousin, who wandered about the house, and thought of them, and felt for them, with a degree of affectionate regret which they had never done much to deserve Fanny's consequence increased on the departure of her cousins.
Even this, though, when Scrooge looked at it with increasing steadiness, was not its strangest quality.
Even to see Mr. Crawford would be less overpowering.
Even when climate, fo instance, extreme cold, acts directly, it will be the least vigorou individuals, or those which have got least food through the advancin winter, which will suffer the most.
Even when selection has been applied by man to some on character alone - of which our cultivated plants offer the best instances - it will invariably be found that although this one part, whether it be th flower, fruit, or leaves, has been greatly changed, almost all the othe parts have been slightly modified.
Even with animals which unite for each birth, and which do not propagat rapidly, we must not assume that free intercrossing would always eliminat the effects of natural selection; for I can bring forward a considerabl body of facts showing that within the same area two varieties of the sam animal may long remain distinct, from haunting different stations, fro breeding at slightly different seasons, or from the individuals of eac variety preferring to pair together.
Even withi the limits of the same genus, we meet with this same difference; fo instance, the many species of Nicotiana have been more largely crossed tha the species of almost any other genus; but Gartner found that N. acuminata which is not a particularly distinct species, obstinately failed t fertilise, or to be fertilised, by no less than eight other species o Nicotiana.
Even within the limits of th same genus, for instance in Dianthus, these two opposite cases occur.
Even without any change in the proportional numbers of the animals on whic our wolf preyed, a cub might be born with an innate tendency to pursu certain kinds of prey.
Even your constant little heart need not take fright at such a nominal change.
Everingham could not do without him in the beginning of September.
Every afternoon brought a return of their riotous games all over the house; and she very early learned to sigh at the approach of Saturday's constant half-holiday.
Every allowance will be made for you.
Every being, which during its natura lifetime produces several eggs or seeds, must suffer destruction durin some period of its life, and during some season or occasional year otherwise, on the principle of geometrical increase, its numbers woul quickly become so inordinately great that no country could support th product.
Every feeling of duty, honour, and tenderness was wounded by her sister's speech and her mother's reply.
Every flattering scheme of being of consequence to her soon fell to the ground.
Every hybridizer knows how unfavourable exposure t wet is to the fertilisation of a flower, yet what a multitude of flower have their anthers and stigmas fully exposed to the weather!  If a occasional cross be indispensable, notwithstanding that the plant's ow anthers and pistil stand so near each other as almost to ensure self fertilisation, the fullest freedom for the entrance of pollen from anothe individual will explain the above state of exposure of the organs.
Every long line cut on the vernier corresponds to .01 part; each small division on the scale is .05; the hundredth parts on the vernier being added to the five when its lower edge is next above one of the short lines; or written down as shown by the figures on the vernier only, when next above one of the division marking tenths.
Every movable was packed off, as if it were dismissed from public life for evermore; the floor was swept and watered, the lamps were trimmed, fuel was heaped upon the fire; and the warehouse was as snug, and warm, and dry, and bright a ball-room, as you would desire to see upon a winter's night.
Every on must have heard of cases of albinism, prickly skin, hairy bodies, etc.
Every one knows how the horns of stag become more and more branched, and the plumes of some birds become mor finely developed, as they grow older.
Every one of them wore chains like Marley's Ghost; some few (they might be guilty governments) were linked together; none were free.
Every other child must be racking his heart.
Every public place was new to Maria, and Brighton is almost as gay in winter as in summer.
Every room above, and every cask in the wine-merchant's cellars below, appeared to have a separate peal of echoes of its own.
Every room on the west front looked across a lawn to the beginning of the avenue immediately beyond tall iron palisades and gates.
Every selected character is fully exercised by her, as i implied by the fact of their selection.
Every sort of exercise fatigues her so soon, Miss Crawford, except riding.
Everybody around her was gay and busy, prosperous and important; each had their object of interest, their part, their dress, their favourite scene, their friends and confederates: all were finding employment in consultations and comparisons, or diversion in the playful conceits they suggested.
Everybody at all addicted to letter-writing, without having much to say, which will include a large proportion of the female world at least, must feel with Lady Bertram that she was out of luck in having such a capital piece of Mansfield news as the certainty of the Grants going to Bath, occur at a time when she could make no advantage of it, and will admit that it must have been very mortifying to her to see it fall to the share of her thankless son, and treated as concisely as possible at the end of a long letter, instead of having it to spread over the largest part of a page of her own.
Everybody began to have their vexation.
Everybody else said the same, and they must be allowed to have been competent judges, because they had just had dinner; and, with the dessert upon the table, were clustered round the fire, by lamplight.
Everybody felt it.
Everybody gets made but me.
Everybody had a part either too long or too short; nobody would attend as they ought; nobody would remember on which side they were to come in; nobody but the complainer would observe any directions.
Everybody had something to say about it, but nobody said or thought it was at all a small pudding for a large family.
Everybody is taken in at some period or other.
Everybody likes to go their own way - to chuse their own time and manner of devotion.
Everybody said so.
Everybody was growing weary of indecision, and the first idea with everybody was, that nothing had been proposed before so likely to suit them all.
Everybody was satisfied; and she was left to the tremors of a most palpitating heart, while the others prepared to begin.
Everyone is familia with the difference between the ray and central florets of, for instance the daisy, and this difference is often accompanied with the partial o complete abortion of the reproductive organs.
Everyone who believes in slow and gradual evolution, will of course admi that specific changes may have been as abrupt and as great as any singl variation which we meet with under nature, or even under domestication.
Everything answered; it was all gaiety and good-humour, the heat only supplying inconvenience enough to be talked of with pleasure -  till the fourth day, when the happiness of one of the party was exceedingly clouded.
Everything in that quarter failed her, except William's affection.
Everything might be possible rather than serious attachment, or serious approbation of it toward her.
Everything natural, probable, reasonable, was against it; all their habits and ways of thinking, and all her own demerits.
Everything returned into the same channel as before his absence; his manners being to each so animated and agreeable as to lose no ground with either, and just stopping short of the consistence, the steadiness, the solicitude, and the warmth which might excite general notice.
Everything shall take its course.
Everything supplied an amusement to the high glee of William's mind, and he was full of frolic and joke in the intervals of their higher-toned subjects, all of which ended, if they did not begin, in praise of the Thrush, conjectures how she would be employed, schemes for an action with some superior force, which (supposing the first lieutenant out of the way, and William was not very merciful to the first lieutenant) was to give himself the next step as soon as possible, or speculations upon prize-money, which was to be generously distributed at home, with only the reservation of enough to make the little cottage comfortable, in which he and Fanny were to pass all their middle and later life together.
Everything that a considerate parent ought to feel was advanced for her use; and everything that an affectionate mother must feel in promoting her children's enjoyment was attributed to her nature.
Everything was a friend, or bore her thoughts to a friend; and though there had been sometimes much of suffering to her; though her motives had often been misunderstood, her feelings disregarded, and her comprehension undervalued; though she had known the pains of tyranny, of ridicule, and neglect, yet almost every recurrence of either had led to something consolatory: her aunt Bertram had spoken for her, or Miss Lee had been encouraging, or, what was yet more frequent or more dear, Edmund had been her champion and her friend: he had supported her cause or explained her meaning, he had told her not to cry, or had given her some proof of affection which made her tears delightful; and the whole was now so blended together, so harmonised by distance, that every former affliction had its charm.
Everything was by that time public beyond a hope.
Everything was now in a regular train: theatre, actors, actresses, and dresses, were all getting forward; but though no other great impediments arose, Fanny found, before many days were past, that it was not all uninterrupted enjoyment to the party themselves, and that she had not to witness the continuance of such unanimity and delight as had been almost too much for her at first.
Everything was said that could encourage, every encouragement received with grateful joy, and the gentlemen parted the best of friends.
Everything where she now was in full contrast to it.
Everywhere there was but little furniture, and that only the most necessary, and of the simplest forms.
Exactly what you deserve.
Except by assigning such general and vague reasons, we canno explain why, in many quarters of the world, hoofed quadrupeds have no acquired much elongated necks or other means for browsing on the highe branches of trees.
Except to the attack on Nanny's cousin, Sir Thomas no longer made any objection, and a more respectable, though less economical rendezvous being accordingly substituted, everything was considered as settled, and the pleasures of so benevolent a scheme were already enjoyed.
Excepting the moments of peculiar delight, which any marked or unlooked-for instance of Edmund's consideration of her in the last few months had excited, Fanny had never known so much felicity in her life, as in this unchecked, equal, fearless intercourse with the brother and friend who was opening all his heart to her, telling her all his hopes and fears, plans, and solicitudes respecting that long thought of, dearly earned, and justly valued blessing of promotion; who could give her direct and minute information of the father and mother, brothers and sisters, of whom she very seldom heard; who was interested in all the comforts and all the little hardships of her home at Mansfield; ready to think of every member of that home as she directed, or differing only by a less scrupulous opinion, and more noisy abuse of their aunt Norris, and with whom (perhaps the dearest indulgence of the whole) all the evil and good of their earliest years could be gone over again, and every former united pain and pleasure retraced with the fondest recollection.
Exceptions to these rules occur when a North-easterly wind, with wet (rain or snow) is impending, before which the barometer often rises (on account of the direction of the coming wind alone), and deceive persons who, from that sign only, expect fair weather.
Excluding such cases of abrupt variations, the few whic remain would at best constitute, if found in a state of nature, doubtfu species, closely related to their parental types.
Exclusive of local land and sea breezes of hot climates.
Excuse the liberty; but take care how you talk to me.
Expect the first tomorrow, when the bell tolls one.
Experience might have hoped more for any young people so circumstanced, and impartiality would not have denied to Miss Crawford's nature that participation of the general nature of women which would lead her to adopt the opinions of the man she loved and respected as her own.
Explicit rules are laid down by some of the Roman classica writers.
Expressions such as that famous one b Linnaeus, which we often meet with in a more or less concealed form namely, that the characters do not make the genus, but that the genus give the characters, seem to imply that some deeper bond is included in ou classifications than mere resemblance.
External heat and cold had little influence on Scrooge.
Extinc and ancient animals resemble to a certain extent the embryos of the mor recent animals belonging to the same classes, and this wonderful fac receives a simple explanation according to our views.
Extinct forms are seldom directl intermediate between existing forms; but are intermediate only by a lon and circuitous course through other extinct and different forms.
Extinction has only defined th groups:  it has by no means made them; for if every form which has eve lived on this earth were suddenly to reappear, though it would be quit impossible to give definitions by which each group could be distinguished still a natural classification, or at least a natural arrangement, would b possible.
Extinction, as we have seen in the fourth chapter, has played an importan part in defining and widening the intervals between the several groups i each class.
Eyes of the above simple nature are not capabl of distinct vision, and serve only to distinguish light from darkness.
Facility of immigration seems to have been fully as important a the nature of the conditions.
Facts, such as these, admit of no sort o explanation on the ordinary view of independent creation; whereas, on th view here maintained, it is obvious that the Galapagos Islands would b likely to receive colonists from America, whether by occasional means o transport or (though I do not believe in this doctrine) by formerl continuous land, and the Cape Verde Islands from Africa; such colonist would be liable to modification - the principle of inheritance stil betraying their original birthplace.
Falconer has given a striking instance of a similar fact, for an existin crocodile is associated with many lost mammals and reptiles in th sub-Himalayan deposits.
Familiar as the practical use of weather-glasses is, at sea as well a on land, only those who have long watched their indications, an compared them carefully, are really able to conclude more than that the rising glass.
Familiarity alon prevents our seeing how largely and how permanently the minds of ou domestic animals have been modified.
Family squabbling is the greatest evil of all, and we had better do anything than be altogether by the ears.
Fanciers selec their dogs, horses, pigeons, etc., for breeding, when nearly grown up.
Fancy people not liking to work! - it's too ridiculous.
Fanny Price was at this time just ten years old, and though there might not be much in her first appearance to captivate, there was, at least, nothing to disgust her relations.
Fanny Price! wonderful, quite wonderful! That Mansfield should have done so much for - that you should have found your fate in Mansfield! But you are quite right; you could not have chosen better.
Fanny acknowledged her wishes and doubts on this point: she did not know how either to wear the cross, or to refrain from wearing it.
Fanny answered for their having breakfasted and being quite ready in half an hour.
Fanny began to dread the meeting with her aunts and Tom, under so dreadful a humiliation; and Susan to feel with some anxiety, that all her best manners, all her lately acquired knowledge of what was practised here, was on the point of being called into action.
Fanny believed herself to derive as much innocent enjoyment from the play as any of them; Henry Crawford acted well, and it was a pleasure to her to creep into the theatre, and attend the rehearsal of the first act, in spite of the feelings it excited in some speeches for Maria.
Fanny believed there was scarcely a second feeling in common between them; and she may be forgiven by older sages for looking on the chance of Miss Crawford's future improvement as nearly desperate, for thinking that if Edmund's influence in this season of love had already done so little in clearing her judgment, and regulating her notions, his worth would be finally wasted on her even in years of matrimony.
Fanny coloured, and said nothing.
Fanny could hardly have kept her seat any longer, or have refrained from at least trying to get away in spite of all the too public opposition she foresaw to it, had it not been for the sound of approaching relief, the very sound which she had been long watching for, and long thinking strangely delayed.
Fanny could have said a great deal, but it was safer to say nothing, and leave untouched all Miss Crawford's resources -  her accomplishments, her spirits, her importance, her friends, lest it should betray her into any observations seemingly unhandsome.
Fanny could listen no farther.
Fanny could not answer him.
Fanny could not avoid a faint smile, but had nothing to say.
Fanny could not look at him, but there was no consciousness of past folly in his voice.
Fanny could not say she did not; and as they all persevered, as Edmund repeated his wish, and with a look of even fond dependence on her good-nature, she must yield.
Fanny could not speak, but he did not want her to speak.
Fanny could not wonder that Edmund was at the Parsonage every morning; she would gladly have been there too, might she have gone in uninvited and unnoticed, to hear the harp; neither could she wonder that, when the evening stroll was over, and the two families parted again, he should think it right to attend Mrs. Grant and her sister to their home, while Mr. Crawford was devoted to the ladies of the Park; but she thought it a very bad exchange; and if Edmund were not there to mix the wine and water for her, would rather go without it than not.
Fanny could read, work, and write, but she had been taught nothing more; and as her cousins found her ignorant of many things with which they had been long familiar, they thought her prodigiously stupid, and for the first two or three weeks were continually bringing some fresh report of it into the drawing-room.
Fanny could with difficulty give the smile that was here asked for.
Fanny dared not make any farther opposition; and with renewed but less happy thanks accepted the necklace again, for there was an expression in Miss Crawford's eyes which she could not be satisfied with.
Fanny did not love Miss Crawford; but she felt very much obliged to her for her present kindness; and when, from taking notice of her work, and wishing she could work as well, and begging for the pattern, and supposing Fanny was now preparing for her appearance, as of course she would come out when her cousin was married, Miss Crawford proceeded to inquire if she had heard lately from her brother at sea, and said that she had quite a curiosity to see him, and imagined him a very fine young man, and advised Fanny to get his picture drawn before he went to sea again - she could not help admitting it to be very agreeable flattery, or help listening, and answering with more animation than she had intended.
Fanny did not share her aunt's composure: she thought of the morrow a great deal, for if the three acts were rehearsed, Edmund and Miss Crawford would then be acting together for the first time; the third act would bring a scene between them which interested her most particularly, and which she was longing and dreading to see how they would perform.
Fanny estranged from him, silent and reserved, was an unnatural state of things; a state which he must break through, and which he could easily learn to think she was wanting him to break through.
Fanny explained.
Fanny felt for him most acutely.
Fanny felt obliged to speak.
Fanny felt that she must; and though she had not waited for that sentence to be thinking of Edmund, such a memento made her particularly awake to his idea, and she fancied him sitting in that room again and again, perhaps in the very spot where she sat now, listening with constant delight to the favourite air, played, as it appeared to her, with superior tone and expression; and though pleased with it herself, and glad to like whatever was liked by him, she was more sincerely impatient to go away at the conclusion of it than she had been before; and on this being evident, she was so kindly asked to call again, to take them in her walk whenever she could, to come and hear more of the harp, that she felt it necessary to be done, if no objection arose at home.
Fanny felt that there must be a struggle in Edmund's cheerfulness, but it was delightful to see the effort so successfully made.
Fanny felt the advantage; and, drawing back from the toils of civility, would have been again most happy, could she have kept her eyes from wandering between Edmund and Mary Crawford.
Fanny found herself obliged to yield, that she might not be accused of pride or indifference, or some other littleness; and having with modest reluctance given her consent, proceeded to make the selection.
Fanny found that it was not to be, and in the modesty of her nature immediately felt that she had been unreasonable in expecting it.
Fanny had a good deal of enjoyment in the course of the evening; but Henry's attentions had very little to do with it.
Fanny had been everywhere awake to the difference of the country since February; but when they entered the Park her perceptions and her pleasures were of the keenest sort.
Fanny had by no means forgotten Mr. Crawford when she awoke the next morning; but she remembered the purport of her note, and was not less sanguine as to its effect than she had been the night before.
Fanny had hoped, in the course of his yesterday's visit, to hear the day named; but he had only spoken of their journey as what would take place ere long.
Fanny had indeed nothing to convey from aunt Norris, but a message to say she hoped that her god-daughter was a good girl, and learnt her book.
Fanny had never heard the harp at all, and wished for it very much.
Fanny had no share in the festivities of the season; but she enjoyed being avowedly useful as her aunt's companion when they called away the rest of the family; and, as Miss Lee had left Mansfield, she naturally became everything to Lady Bertram during the night of a ball or a party.
Fanny had not a word to say against its becomingness, and, excepting what remained of her scruples, was exceedingly pleased with an acquisition so very apropos.
Fanny had not felt so comfortable for days and days.
Fanny has a great desire to see Sotherton.
Fanny he must give up.
Fanny in those early days had preferred her to Susan; and when the news of her death had at last reached Mansfield, had for a short time been quite afflicted.
Fanny is the only one who has judged rightly throughout; who has been consistent.
Fanny learnt from her all the particulars which had yet transpired.
Fanny left the room with a very sorrowful heart; she could not feel the difference to be so small, she could not think of living with her aunt with anything like satisfaction.
Fanny live with me! the last thing in the world for me to think of, or for anybody to wish that really knows us both.
Fanny looked on and listened, not unamused to observe the selfishness which, more or less disguised, seemed to govern them all, and wondering how it would end.
Fanny naturally turned upstairs, and took her guest to the apartment which was now always fit for comfortable use; opening the door, however, with a most aching heart, and feeling that she had a more distressing scene before her than ever that spot had yet witnessed.
Fanny obeyed, with eyes cast down and colour rising.
Fanny pitied her.
Fanny said she was rested, and would have moved too, but this was not suffered.
Fanny saw and pitied much of this in Julia; but there was no outward fellowship between them.
Fanny saw that she was approved; and the consciousness of looking well made her look still better.
Fanny seemed nearer being right than Edmund had supposed.
Fanny seemed to herself never to have been shocked before.
Fanny shook her head.
Fanny shrunk back to her seat, with feelings sadly pained by his language and his smell of spirits; and he talked on only to his son, and only of the Thrush, though William, warmly interested as he was in that subject, more than once tried to make his father think of Fanny, and her long absence and long journey.
Fanny sighed alone at the window till scolded away by Mrs. Norris's threats of catching cold.
Fanny soon learnt how unnecessary had been her fears of a removal; and her spontaneous, untaught felicity on the discovery, conveyed some consolation to Edmund for his disappointment in what he had expected to be so essentially serviceable to her.
Fanny spoke her feelings.
Fanny still resisted, and from her heart.
Fanny stood aghast.
Fanny supposed she must have been mistaken, and meant to think differently in future; but with all that submission to Edmund could do, and all the help of the coinciding looks and hints which she occasionally noticed in some of the others, and which seemed to say that Julia was Mr. Crawford's choice, she knew not always what to think.
Fanny suspected what was going on.
Fanny thanked him again, but was affected and distressed to a degree that made it impossible for her to say much, or even to be certain of what she ought to say.
Fanny thanked him, but tried to laugh it off.
Fanny thought exactly the same; and they were also quite agreed in their opinion of the lasting effect, the indelible impression, which such a disappointment must make on his mind.
Fanny thought it a bold measure, but offered no further resistance; and they went together into the breakfast-room, where Edmund prepared her paper, and ruled her lines with all the goodwill that her brother could himself have felt, and probably with somewhat more exactness.
Fanny thought she had never known a day of greater agitation, both of pain and pleasure; but happily the pleasure was not of a sort to die with the day; for every day would restore the knowledge of William's advancement, whereas the pain, she hoped, would return no more.
Fanny was affected.
Fanny was again left to her solitude, and with no increase of pleasant feelings, for she was sorry for almost all that she had seen and heard, astonished at Miss Bertram, and angry with Mr. Crawford.
Fanny was all agitation and flutter; all hope and apprehension.
Fanny was almost stunned.
Fanny was ashamed of her own doubts.
Fanny was beginning to feel the effect of being debarred from her usual regular exercise; she had lost ground as to health since her being in Portsmouth; and but for Mr. Crawford and the beauty of the weather would soon have been knocked up now.
Fanny was by this time crying so bitterly that, angry as he was, he would not press that article farther.
Fanny was confused, but it was the confusion of discontent; while Miss Crawford wondered she did not smile, and thought her over-anxious, or thought her odd, or thought her anything rather than insensible of pleasure in Henry's attentions.
Fanny was disappointed.
Fanny was disposed to think the influence of London very much at war with all respectable attachments.
Fanny was doubly silenced here; though when the moment was passed, could regret that she had not forced herself into the acknowledged comprehension of one half of his meaning, and encouraged him to say something more of his sister and Edmund.
Fanny was her oracle.
Fanny was indeed the daughter that he wanted.
Fanny was just beginning to collect herself, and to feel that if she staid longer behind it might seem disrespectful, when this point was settled, and being commissioned with the brother and sister's apology, saw them preparing to go as she quitted the room herself to perform the dreadful duty of appearing before her uncle.
Fanny was just recovered enough to feel that she could not regret it; for to her many other sources of uneasiness was added the severe one of shame for the home in which he found her.
Fanny was led off very willingly, though it was impossible for her to feel much gratitude towards her cousin, or distinguish, as he certainly did, between the selfishness of another person and his own.
Fanny was left with only the Crawfords and Mr. Yates.
Fanny was most conveniently in want of rest.
Fanny was not in the secret of her uncle's feelings, Sir Thomas not in the secret of Miss Crawford's character.
Fanny was out of spirits all the rest of the day.
Fanny was perfectly right in giving only a conditional answer.
Fanny was quite shocked.
Fanny was ready and waiting, and Mrs. Norris was beginning to scold her for not being gone, and still no horse was announced, no Edmund appeared.
Fanny was right enough in not expecting to hear from Miss Crawford now at the rapid rate in which their correspondence had begun; Mary's next letter was after a decidedly longer interval than the last, but she was not right in supposing that such an interval would be felt a great relief to herself.
Fanny was silent; but not from being convinced that there might not be a remedy found for some of these evils.
Fanny was the only one of the party who found anything to dislike; but since the day at Sotherton, she could never see Mr. Crawford with either sister without observation, and seldom without wonder or censure; and had her confidence in her own judgment been equal to her exercise of it in every other respect, had she been sure that she was seeing clearly, and judging candidly, she would probably have made some important communications to her usual confidant.
Fanny was too well aware of it to have anything to say; and they walked on together some fifty yards in mutual silence and abstraction.
Fanny was very anxious to be useful, and not to appear above her home, or in any way disqualified or disinclined, by her foreign education, from contributing her help to its comforts, and therefore set about working for Sam immediately; and by working early and late, with perseverance and great despatch, did so much that the boy was shipped off at last, with more than half his linen ready.
Fanny was very thankful.
Fanny was worth it all; he held her to be worth every effort of patience, every exertion of mind, but he did not think he could have gone on himself with any woman breathing, without something more to warm his courage than his eyes could discern in hers.
Fanny watched him with never-failing solicitude, and sometimes catching his eye, revived an affectionate smile, which comforted her; but the first day's journey passed without her hearing a word from him on the subjects that were weighing him down.
Fanny went to bed with her heart as full as on the first evening of her arrival at the Park.
Fanny went to her every two or three days: it seemed a kind of fascination: she could not be easy without going, and yet it was without loving her, without ever thinking like her, without any sense of obligation for being sought after now when nobody else was to be had; and deriving no higher pleasure from her conversation than occasional amusement, and that often at the expense of her judgment, when it was raised by pleasantry on people or subjects which she wished to be respected.
Fanny will be so truly your sister! Mary had only to be grateful and give general assurances; but she was now very fully purposed to be the guest of neither brother nor sister many months longer.
Fanny with doubting feelings had risen to meet him, but sank down again on finding herself undistinguished in the dusk, and unthought of.
Fanny would certainly believe him so at least, and must find that her estimation of him was higher than ever when he appeared as the attendant, supporter, cheerer of a suffering brother.
Fanny would have had quite as good a walk there, I assure you, with the advantage of being of some use, and obliging her aunt: it is all her fault.
Fanny's answer was extremely civil, and Edmund added his conviction that she could be in no hurry.
Fanny's attractions increased - increased twofold; for the sensibility which beautified her complexion and illumined her countenance was an attraction in itself.
Fanny's beauty of face and figure, Fanny's graces of manner and goodness of heart, were the exhaustless theme.
Fanny's best consolation was in being assured that Edmund had wished for her very much, and that he should certainly have come back for her, had she not been tired already; but this was not quite sufficient to do away with the pain of having been left a whole hour, when he had talked of only a few minutes, nor to banish the sort of curiosity she felt to know what they had been conversing about all that time; and the result of the whole was to her disappointment and depression, as they prepared by general agreement to return to the house.
Fanny's colour grew deeper and deeper; and her uncle, perceiving that she was embarrassed to a degree that made either speaking or looking up quite impossible, turned away his own eyes, and without any farther pause proceeded in his account of Mr. Crawford's visit.
Fanny's disgust at the greater part of this letter, with her extreme reluctance to bring the writer of it and her cousin Edmund together, would have made her (as she felt) incapable of judging impartially whether the concluding offer might be accepted or not.
Fanny's disposition was such that she could never even think of her aunt Norris in the meagreness and cheerlessness of her own small house, without reproaching herself for some little want of attention to her when they had been last together; much less could her feelings acquit her of having done and said and thought everything by William that was due to him for a whole fortnight.
Fanny's explanations and remarks were a most important addition to every essay, or every chapter of history.
Fanny's eyes followed Edmund, and her heart beat for him as she heard this speech, and saw his look, and felt what his sensations must be.
Fanny's feelings on the occasion were indeed considerably more warm and genuine than her aunt's style of writing.
Fanny's feelings on the occasion were such as she believed herself incapable of expressing; but her countenance and a few artless words fully conveyed all their gratitude and delight, and her cousin began to find her an interesting object.
Fanny's friendship was all that he had to cling to.
Fanny's gratitude, when she heard the plan, was, in fact, much greater than her pleasure.
Fanny's heart beat quick, and she felt quite unequal to surmising or soliciting anything more.
Fanny's heart sunk, but there was no leisure for thinking long even of Miss Crawford's feelings.
Fanny's heart was not absolutely the only saddened one amongst them, as she soon began to acknowledge to herself.
Fanny's hurry increased; and without in the least expecting Edmund's attendance, she would have hastened away alone; but the general pace was quickened, and they all accompanied her into the house, through which it was necessary to pass.
Fanny's imagination had prepared her for something grander than a mere spacious, oblong room, fitted up for the purpose of devotion: with nothing more striking or more solemn than the profusion of mahogany, and the crimson velvet cushions appearing over the ledge of the family gallery above.
Fanny's immediate concerns, as far as they involved Mr. Crawford, made no part of their conversation.
Fanny's interest seems in safer hands with you than with me.
Fanny's last feeling in the visit was disappointment: for the shawl which Edmund was quietly taking from the servant to bring and put round her shoulders was seized by Mr. Crawford's quicker hand, and she was obliged to be indebted to his more prominent attention.
Fanny's last meal in her father's house was in character with her first: she was dismissed from it as hospitably as she had been welcomed.
Fanny's relief, and her consciousness of it, were quite equal to her cousins'; but a more tender nature suggested that her feelings were ungrateful, and she really grieved because she could not grieve.
Fanny's rides recommenced the very next day; and as it was a pleasant fresh-feeling morning, less hot than the weather had lately been, Edmund trusted that her losses, both of health and pleasure, would be soon made good.
Fanny's spirit was as much refreshed as her body; her head and heart were soon the better for such well-timed kindness.
Fanny's spirits lived on it half the morning, deriving some accession of pleasure from its writer being himself to go away.
Fanny's thoughts were now all engrossed by the two who had left her so long ago, and getting quite impatient, she resolved to go in search of them.
Fanny, Fanny, I see you smile and look cunning, but, upon my honour, I never bribed a physician in my life.
Fanny, I am sure you know the part.
Fanny, William must not forget my shawl if he goes to the East Indies; and I shall give him a commission for anything else that is worth having.
Fanny, being always a very courteous listener, and often the only listener at hand, came in for the complaints and the distresses of most of them.
Fanny, fatigued and fatigued again, was thankful to accept the first invitation of going to bed; and before Betsey had finished her cry at being allowed to sit up only one hour extraordinary in honour of sister, she was off, leaving all below in confusion and noise again; the boys begging for toasted cheese, her father calling out for his rum and water, and Rebecca never where she ought to be.
Fanny, feeling all this to be wrong, could not help making an effort to prevent it.
Fanny, having been sent into the village on some errand by her aunt Norris, was overtaken by a heavy shower close to the Parsonage; and being descried from one of the windows endeavouring to find shelter under the branches and lingering leaves of an oak just beyond their premises, was forced, though not without some modest reluctance on her part, to come in.
Fanny, in great astonishment and confusion, would have returned the present instantly.
Fanny, in her pity and kindheartedness, was at great pains to teach him how to learn, giving him all the helps and directions in her power, trying to make an artificial memory for him, and learning every word of his part herself, but without his being much the forwarder.
Fanny, it goes against us.
Fanny, meanwhile, speaking only when she could not help it, was very earnestly trying to understand what Mr. and Miss Crawford were at.
Fanny, meanwhile, vexed with herself for not having been as motionless as she was speechless, and grieved to the heart to see Edmund's arrangements, was trying by everything in the power of her modest, gentle nature, to repulse Mr. Crawford, and avoid both his looks and inquiries; and he, unrepulsable, was persisting in both.
Fanny, not able to refrain entirely from observing them, had seen enough to be tolerably satisfied.
Fanny, not liking to complain, found it easiest to make no answer; and though he looked at her with his usual kindness, she believed he had soon ceased to think of her countenance.
Fanny, now at liberty to speak openly, felt more than justified in adding to his knowledge of her real character, by some hint of what share his brother's state of health might be supposed to have in her wish for a complete reconciliation.
Fanny, quite surprised, endeavoured to shew herself mistress of the room by her civilities, and looked at the bright bars of her empty grate with concern.
Fanny, whether near or from her cousins, whether in the schoolroom, the drawing-room, or the shrubbery, was equally forlorn, finding something to fear in every person and place.
Fanny, with all her faults of ignorance and timidity, was fixed at Mansfield Park, and learning to transfer in its favour much of her attachment to her former home, grew up there not unhappily among her cousins.
Fanny, you must do something to keep me awake.
Far from feelin surprise that some of the cave-animals should be very anomalous, as Agassi has remarked in regard to the blind fish, the Amblyopsis, and as is th case with the blind Proteus, with reference to the reptiles of Europe, I a only surprised that more wrecks of ancient life have not been preserved owing to the less severe competition to which the scanty inhabitants o these dark abodes will have been exposed.
Far in this den of infamous resort, there was a low-browed, beetling shop, below a pent-house roof, where iron, old rags, bottles, bones, and greasy offal, were bought.
Farewell.
Farmers find that they can raise more food b a rotation of plants belonging to the most different orders:  natur follows what may be called a simultaneous rotation.
Farther discussion was prevented by various bustles: first, the driver came to be paid; then there was a squabble between Sam and Rebecca about the manner of carrying up his sister's trunk, which he would manage all his own way; and lastly, in walked Mr. Price himself, his own loud voice preceding him, as with something of the oath kind he kicked away his son's port-manteau and his daughter's bandbox in the passage, and called out for a candle; no candle was brought, however, and he walked into the room.
Father is so much kinder than he used to be, that home's like Heaven! He spoke so gently to me one dear night when I was going to bed, that I was not afraid to ask him once more if you might come home; and he said yes, you should; and sent me in a coach to bring you.
Fear of any particular enemy i certainly an instinctive quality, as may be seen in nestling birds, thoug it is strengthened by experience, and by the sight of fear of the sam enemy in other animals.
Fetch the cards; I feel so very stupid.
Few fathers would have let me have my own way half so much.
Few me have attended with due care to any one strain for more than half a century so that a hundred years represents the work of two breeders in succession.
Few of us however, know what a million really means:  Mr. Croll gives the followin illustration:  Take a narrow strip of paper, eighty-three feet four inche in length, and stretch it along the wall of a large hall; then mark off a one end the tenth of an inch.
Few would readily believe in the natural capacity and years of practic requisite to become even a skilful pigeon-fancier.
Finally, D Candolle admits that out of the 300 species, which will be enumerated i his Prodromus as belonging to the oak family, at least two-thirds ar provisional species, that is, are not known strictly to fulfil th definition above given of a true species.
Finally, I believe that many lowly organised forms now exist throughout th world, from various causes.
Finally, I conclude that, although small isolated area have been in some respects highly favourable for the production of ne species, yet that the course of modification will generally have been mor rapid on large areas; and what is more important, that the new form produced on large areas, which already have been victorious over man competitors, will be those that will spread most widely, and will give ris to the greatest number of new varieties and species.
Finally, as rudimentary organs, by whatever steps they may have bee degraded into their present useless condition, are the record of a forme state of things, and have been retained solely through the power o inheritance - we can understand, on the genealogical view of classification how it is that systematists, in placing organisms in their proper places i the natural system, have often found rudimentary parts as useful as, o even sometimes more useful than, parts of high physiological importance.
Finally, considering all the ascertained facts on the intercrossing o plants and animals, it may be concluded that some degree of sterility, bot in first crosses and in hybrids, is an extremely general result; but tha it cannot, under our present state of knowledge, be considered a absolutely universal.
Finally, it may not be a logical deduction, but to my imagination i is far more satisfactory to look at such instincts as the young cucko ejecting its foster-brothers, ants making slaves, the larvae o ichneumonidae feeding within the live bodies of caterpillars, not a specially endowed or created instincts, but as small consequences of on general law leading to the advancement of all organic beings - namely multiply, vary, let the strongest live and the weakest die.
Finally, the several classes of facts which have been considered in thi chapter, seem to me to proclaim so plainly, that the innumerable species genera and families, with which this world is peopled, are all descended each within its own class or group, from common parents, and have all bee modified in the course of descent, that I should without hesitation adop this view, even if it were unsupported by other facts or arguments.
Finally, then, I conclude that the greater variability of specifi characters, or those which distinguish species from species, than o generic characters, or those which are possessed by all the species; tha the frequent extreme variability of any part which is developed in  species in an extraordinary manner in comparison with the same part in it congeners; and the slight degree of variability in a part, howeve extraordinarily it may be developed, if it be common to a whole group o species; that the great variability of secondary sexual characters an their great difference in closely allied species; that secondary sexual an ordinary specific differences are generally displayed in the same parts o the organisation, are all principles closely connected together.
Finally, then, although in many cases it is most difficult even t conjecture by what transitions organs could have arrived at their presen state; yet, considering how small the proportion of living and known form is to the extinct and unknown, I have been astonished how rarely an orga can be named, towards which no transitional grade is known to lead.
Finally, then, although we are as ignorant of th precise cause of the sterility of first crosses and of hybrids as we ar why animals and plants removed from their natural conditions becom sterile, yet the facts given in this chapter do not seem to me opposed t the belief that species aboriginally existed as varieties.
Finally, varieties cannot be distinguished from species - except, first, b the discovery of intermediate linking forms; and, secondly, by a certai indefinite amount of difference between them; for two forms, if differin very little, are generally ranked as varieties, notwithstanding that the cannot be closely connected; but the amount of difference considere necessary to give to any two forms the rank of species cannot be defined.
Finally, we have seen that natural selection, which follows from th struggle for existence, and which almost inevitably leads to extinction an divergence of character in the descendants from any one parent-species explains that great and universal feature in the affinities of all organi beings, namely, their subordination in group under group.
Finally, with respect to the comparative value of the various groups o species, such as orders, suborders, families, subfamilies, and genera, the seem to be, at least at present, almost arbitrary.
Finding by whom he was observed, Henry Crawford addressed himself on the same subject to Sir Thomas, in a more everyday tone, but still with feeling.
Finish it at once.
First as a comfort to Fanny, then as an auxiliary, and last as her substitute, she was established at Mansfield, with every appearance of equal permanency.
First crosses between forms known to be varieties, or sufficiently alike t be considered as varieties, and their mongrel offspring, are ver generally, but not, as is so often stated, invariably fertile.
First crosses between forms, sufficiently distinct to be ranked as species and their hybrids, are very generally, but not universally, sterile.
First let me make some preliminar remarks.
First, a brilliant and conspicuous career - the observed, I may say, of all observers, including the bum-bailie: and then, presto! a quiet, sly, old, rustic bonhomme, cultivating roses.
First, for the sterility of species when crossed and of their hybri offspring.
First, that we should choose out, or breed, a class of superior persons capable of judging on all matters without consulting the neighbours; that, in short, we should get for ourselves what used to be called an aristocracy of intellect; or, secondly, that for the purpose of safe-guarding the freedom of the individual will, we should revert to a system of private property again, and have slaves and slave-holders once more.
Five - only five to be sitting round that table.
Five minutes, ten minutes, a quarter of an hour went by, yet nothing came.
Fix, commit, condemn yourself.
Florid, with white hair, the face of an old Jupiter, and the figure of an old fox-hunter, he enlivened the vale of Thyme from end to end on his big, cantering chestnut.
Flowers and fruit have been rendered conspicuous by brillian colours in contrast with the green foliage, in order that the flowers ma be easily seen, visited and fertilised by insects, and the seed disseminated by birds.
Flowers rank among the most beautiful productions of nature; bu they have been rendered conspicuous in contrast with the green leaves, an in consequence at the same time beautiful, so that they may be easil observed by insects.
Fo during many successive generations each individual beetle which flew least either from its wings having been ever so little less perfectly develope or from indolent habit, will have had the best chance of surviving from no being blown out to sea; and, on the other hand, those beetles which mos readily took to flight would oftenest have been blown to sea, and thu destroyed.
Fo in the larger country there will have existed more individuals, and mor diversified forms, and the competition will have been severer, and thus th standard of perfection will have been rendered higher.
Fo instance, I found that a piece of turf, three feet by four in size, whic had been exposed for many years to exactly the same conditions, supporte twenty species of plants, and these belonged to eighteen genera and t eight orders, which shows how much these plants differed from each other.
Fo instance, a swim-bladder has apparently been converted into a air-breathing lung.
Fo instance, it cannot be doubted that all the Cambrian and Siluria trilobites are descended from some one crustacean, which must have live long before the Cambrian age, and which probably differed greatly from an known animal.
Fo it would clearly be advantageous to two varieties or incipient species i they could be kept from blending, on the same principle that, when man i selecting at the same time two varieties, it is necessary that he shoul keep them separate.
Foggier yet, and colder.
Followed as he followed it, with a skilful reticence, in a kind of social chiaroscuro, it was still possible for the polite to call him a professional painter.
Following the example of Mr. Tegetmeier, I separated two combs, and put between them a long, thick rectangular strip of wax:  the bees instantly began to excavate minut circular pits in it; and as they deepened these little pits, they made the wider and wider until they were converted into shallow basins, appearing t the eye perfectly true or parts of a sphere, and of about the diameter of  cell.
For - must I say it? - I felt as if even that happy world were made the happier for my being so near this strange girl; although I must say that of all the persons I had seen in that world renewed, she was the most unfamiliar to me, the most unlike what I could have thought of.
For Alpine species excepting in as far as the same species have become widely spread durin the Glacial epoch, are related to those of the surrounding lowlands; thu we have in South America, Alpine humming-birds, Alpine rodents, Alpin plants, etc., all strictly belonging to American forms; and it is obviou that a mountain, as it became slowly upheaved, would be colonised from th surrounding lowlands.
For Fanny's present comfort it was concluded, perhaps, at the happiest moment: had he been able to talk another five minutes, there is no saying that he might not have talked away all Miss Crawford's faults and his own despondence.
For Fanny, somewhat more was related than the accidental agreeableness of the parties he had been in.
For I am well aware that scarcely a single poin is discussed in this volume on which facts cannot be adduced, ofte apparently leading to conclusions directly opposite to those at which  have arrived.
For I had, Fanny, as I think my behaviour must have shewn, formed a very favourable opinion of you from the period of my return to England.
For a barometer of this kind, Admiral Milne has invented self-registering mechanism, that answers well.
For a day or two after the affront was given, Henry Crawford had endeavoured to do it away by the usual attack of gallantry and compliment, but he had not cared enough about it to persevere against a few repulses; and becoming soon too busy with his play to have time for more than one flirtation, he grew indifferent to the quarrel, or rather thought it a lucky occurrence, as quietly putting an end to what might ere long have raised expectations in more than Mrs. Grant.
For a few moments she was unanswered.
For a long time matters went on like this.
For about the fifth time he then proposed the Heir at Law, doubting only whether to prefer Lord Duberley or Dr. Pangloss for himself; and very earnestly, but very unsuccessfully, trying to persuade the others that there were some fine tragic parts in the rest of the dramatis personae.
For again Scrooge saw himself.
For all historians are agreed that there never was a war in which there was so much destruction of wares, and instruments for making them as in this civil war.
For all spontaneous variations in th right direction will thus be preserved; as will those individuals whic inherit in the highest degree the effects of the increased and beneficia use of any part.
For all the species of the same group, however long it ma have lasted, are the modified descendants one from the other, and all fro a common progenitor.
For animals, belongin to two most distinct lines of descent, may have become adapted to simila conditions, and thus have assumed a close external resemblance; but suc resemblances will not reveal - will rather tend to conceal thei blood-relationship.
For any form existing in lesser numbers would, as already remarked, run  greater chance of being exterminated than one existing in large numbers and in this particular case the intermediate form would be eminently liabl to the inroads of closely allied forms existing on both sides of it.
For as all the inhabitants o each country are struggling together with nicely balanced forces, extremel slight modifications in the structure or habits of one species would ofte give it an advantage over others; and still further modifications of th same kind would often still further increase the advantage, as long as th species continued under the same conditions of life and profited by simila means of subsistence and defence.
For as its belt sparkled and glittered now in one part and now in another, and what was light one instant, at another time was dark, so the figure itself fluctuated in its distinctness: being now a thing with one arm, now with one leg, now with twenty legs, now a pair of legs without a head, now a head without a body: of which dissolving parts, no outline would be visible in the dense gloom wherein they melted away.
For ascertaining the dryness or moisture of air, the readiest, and surest method is the comparison of two thermometers; one dry, the other just moistened, and kept so.
For at these distant points, the organic remains i certain beds present an unmistakable resemblance to those of the Chalk.
For convenience sake I chiefly tried small seeds without th capsules or fruit; and as all of these sank in a few days, they could no have been floated across wide spaces of the sea, whether or not they wer injured by salt water.
For example: Ten spaces on the vernier being made equal to nine on the scale, each vernier space is one tenth less than a scale space; and if the first line or division of the vernier agree exactly with any line of the scale, the next line of the vernier must be one tenth of a tenth (or one hundredth) of an inch from agreement with the next scale division the following vernier line must be two hundredths out, and so on therefore, the number of such differences (from the next tenth on the scale) at which a vernier line agrees with a scale line, when set, is the number of hundredths to be added to the said tenth; (in a common barometer, reading only to hundredths of an inch).
For forms existing in larger numbers will have a bette chance, within any given period, of presenting further favourabl variations for natural selection to seize on, than will the rarer form which exist in lesser numbers.
For he had an expectation that the conduct of his future self would give him the clue he missed, and would render the solution of these riddles easy.
For he had fallen into that stage when men have the vertigo of misfortune, court the strokes of destiny, and rush towards anything decisive, that it may free them from suspense though at the cost of ruin.
For he may ask in vain where are th numberless transitional links which must formerly have connected th closely allied or representative species, found in the successive stages o the same great formation?  He may disbelieve in the immense intervals o time which must have elapsed between our consecutive formations; he ma overlook how important a part migration has played, when the formations o any one great region, as those of Europe, are considered; he may urge th apparent, but often falsely apparent, sudden coming in of whole groups o species.
For he wished to challenge the Spirit on the moment of its appearance, and did not wish to be taken by surprise, and made nervous.
For her approbation, the particular reason of his going into Norfolk at all, at this unusual time of year, was given.
For her own gratification she could have wished that something might be acted, for she had never seen even half a play, but everything of higher consequence was against it.
For his pretending not to know her; his pretending that it was necessary to touch her head-dress, and further to assure himself of her identity by pressing a certain ring upon her finger, and a certain chain about her neck; was vile, monstrous! No doubt she told him her opinion of it, when, another blind-man being in office, they were so very confidential together, behind the curtains.
For if each part is liabl to individual variations at all ages, and the variations tend to b inherited at a corresponding or earlier age - propositions which cannot b disputed - then the instincts and structure of the young could be slowl modified as surely as those of the adult; and both cases must stand or fal together with the whole theory of natural selection.
For in such cases, we may believe, that  plant could exist only where the conditions of its life were so favourabl that many could exist together, and thus save the species from utte destruction.
For in this case the variability will seldom a yet have been fixed by the continued selection of the individuals varyin in the required manner and degree, and by the continued rejection of thos tending to revert to a former and less modified condition.
For instance, Alph.
For instance, Britain i separated by a shallow channel from Europe, and the mammals are the same o both sides; and so it is with all the islands near the shores of Australia.
For instance, I think those authors are right wh maintain that the ass has a prepotent power over the horse, so that bot the mule and the hinny resemble more closely the ass than the horse; bu that the prepotency runs more strongly in the male than in the female ass so that the mule, which is an offspring of the male ass and mare, is mor like an ass than is the hinny, which is the offspring of the female-ass an stallion.
For instance, Mr. H.C. Watson has marked for me in the well-sifte London catalogue of Plants (4th edition) sixty-three plants which ar therein ranked as species, but which he considers as so closely allied t other species as to be of doubtful value:  these sixty-three repute species range on an average over 6.9 of the provinces into which Mr. Watso has divided Great Britain.
For instance, Professor Newton sent me the le of a red-legged partridge (Caccabis rufa) which had been wounded and coul not fly, with a ball of hard earth adhering to it, and weighing six and  half ounces.
For instance, a vast number of eggs or seeds ar annually devoured, and these could be modified through natural selectio only if they varied in some manner which protected them from their enemies.
For instance, elbow-room within doors is to me so delightful that if I were driven to it I would most sacrifice outdoor space to it.
For instance, h believes that the hearts of birds and mammals are as a whole homogenous - that is, have been derived from a common progenitor; but that the fou cavities of the heart in the two classes are homoplastic - that is, hav been independently developed.
For instance, if the number of individual existing in a country is determined chiefly through destruction by beast of prey - by external or internal parasites, etc.
For instance, in certain islands not tenanted by  single mammal, some of the endemic plants have beautifully hooked seeds yet few relations are more manifest than that hooks serve for th transportal of seeds in the wool or fur of quadrupeds.
For instance, it is clearly a great advantage to a twinin plant to become a leaf-climber; and it is probable that every twiner whic possessed leaves with long foot-stalks would have been developed into  leaf-climber, if the foot-stalks had possessed in any slight degree th requisite sensitiveness to a touch.
For instance, it is clearly not easy to knock up a political party on the question as to whether haymaking in such and such a country-side shall begin this week or next, when all men agree that it must at latest begin the week after next, and when any man can go down into the fields himself and see whether the seeds are ripe enough for the cutting.
For instance, it is possible, if all our fantail-pigeons wer destroyed, that fanciers might make a new breed hardly distinguishable fro the present breed; but if the parent rock-pigeon were likewise destroyed and under nature we have every reason to believe that parent forms ar generally supplanted and exterminated by their improved offspring, it i incredible that a fantail, identical with the existing breed, could b raised from any other species of pigeon, or even from any other wel established race of the domestic pigeon, for the successive variation would almost certainly be in some degree different, and the newly-forme variety would probably inherit from its progenitor some characteristi differences.
For instance, some species of Trigonia, a great genus o shells in the secondary formations, survive in the Australian seas; and  few members of the great and almost extinct group of Ganoid fishes stil inhabit our fresh waters.
For instance, the blue and red pimpernel, whic are considered by most botanists as varieties, are said by Gartner to b quite sterile when crossed, and he consequently ranks them as undoubte species.
For instance, the eyes of Cephalopods or cuttle-fish and o vertebrate animals appear wonderfully alike; and in such widely sundere groups no part of this resemblance can be due to inheritance from a commo progenitor.
For instance, the fact tha the species included in the larger genera are more closely related to eac other, and present a greater number of varieties than do the species in th smaller genera.
For instance, the several species of th Chthamalinae (a sub-family of sessile cirripedes) coat the rocks all ove the world in infinite numbers:  they are all strictly littoral, with th exception of a single Mediterranean species, which inhabits deep water an this has been found fossil in Sicily, whereas not one other species ha hitherto been found in any tertiary formation:  yet it is known that th genus Chthamalus existed during the Chalk period.
For instance, the species of mastodons and elephants, whe arranged by Dr. Falconer in two series - in the first place according t their mutual affinities, and in the second place according to their period of existence - do not accord in arrangement.
For instance, there must be a limit t the fleetness of any terrestrial animal, as this will be determined by th friction to be overcome, the weight of the body to be carried, and th power of contraction in the muscular fibres.
For instance, until recentl not a land-shell was known belonging to either of these vast periods, wit the exception of one species discovered by Sir C. Lyell and Dr. Dawson i the carboniferous strata of North America; but now land-shells have bee found in the lias.
For instance, whether or not there is an open passage from th nostrils to the mouth, the only character, according to Owen, whic absolutely distinguishes fishes and reptiles - the inflection of the angl of the lower jaw in Marsupials - the manner in which the wings of insect are folded - mere colour in certain Algae - mere pubescence on parts of th flower in grasses - the nature of the dermal covering, as hair or feathers in the Vertebrata.
For it bears on the view which I have taken of one of th causes of ordinary variability; namely, that the reproductive system, fro being eminently sensitive to changed conditions of life, fails under thes circumstances to perform its proper function of producing offspring closel similar in all respects to the parent-form.
For it chanced one day that his walk led him into a portion of the uplands which was almost unknown to him.
For it is scarcel possible that two organisations should be compounded into one, without som disturbance occurring in the development, or periodical action, or mutua relations of the different parts and organs one to another or to th conditions of life.
For it is scarcely possible that such rocks could hav been solidified and crystallised while uncovered; but if the metamorphi action occurred at profound depths of the ocean, the former protectin mantle of rock may not have been very thick.
For it should b remembered that the competition will generally be most severe between thos forms which are most nearly related to each other in habits, constitutio and structure.
For limited employment, when sufficiently compared, they may be very useful especially in a few cases of electrical changes not foretold or shown by mercury.
For mere amusement among ourselves we should want nothing more.
For my own part, if I had anything within the fiftieth part of the size of Sotherton, I should be always planting and improving, for naturally I am excessively fond of it.
For my own sake, I could wish there had been no ball just at - I mean not this very week, this very day; to-morrow I leave home.
For my part, following out Lyell's metaphor, I loo at the geological record as a history of the world imperfectly kept an written in a changing dialect.
For natural selection acts by either now adapting the varyin parts of each being to its organic and inorganic conditions of life; or b having adapted them during past periods of time:  the adaptations bein aided in many cases by the increased use or disuse of parts, being affecte by the direct action of external conditions of life, and subjected in al cases to the several laws of growth and variation.
For near a week no one had passed the door; the maid was careless and since a month, the water stood unchanged.
For peculiar habits confined to the workers of sterile females, however long they might b followed, could not possibly affect the males and fertile females, whic alone leave descendants.
For purely scientific objects much more nicety and detail are required.
For right before the gate a livery servant rode slowly up and down, leading a saddle horse.
For so young a woman it is remarkable! She certainly understands you better than you are understood by the greater part of those who have known you so long; and with regard to some others, I can perceive, from occasional lively hints, the unguarded expressions of the moment, that she could define many as accurately, did not delicacy forbid it.
For some time she did not say much, but at last, as we had passed under Shillingford Bridge (new built, but somewhat on its old lines), she bade me hold the boat while she had a good look at the landscape through the graceful arch.
For the best definition which ha ever been given of a high standard of organisation, is the degree to whic the parts have been specialised or differentiated; and natural selectio tends towards this end, inasmuch as the parts are thus enabled to perfor their functions more efficiently.
For the commo progenitor of a whole family, now broken up by extinction into distinc groups and subgroups, will have transmitted some of its characters modified in various ways and degrees, to all the species; and they wil consequently be related to each other by circuitous lines of affinity o various lengths (as may be seen in the diagram so often referred to) mounting up through many predecessors.
For the development by this means of a group of forms, all of which ar descended from some one progenitor, must have been an extremely slo process; and the progenitors must have lived long before their modifie descendants.
For the first seven miles Miss Bertram had very little real comfort: her prospect always ended in Mr. Crawford and her sister sitting side by side, full of conversation and merriment; and to see only his expressive profile as he turned with a smile to Julia, or to catch the laugh of the other, was a perpetual source of irritation, which her own sense of propriety could but just smooth over.
For the first time I appreciate your base insinuations, and I despise them and you.
For the freezing point, the bulbs and a considerable portion of the tubes of the thermometers, are immersed in pounded ice.
For the higher temperatures, the thermometers are placed in  cylindrical glass vessel containing water of the required heat; and the scales of the thermometers intended to be tested, together with the Standard with which they are to be compared, are read through the glass.
For the parents of mongrels are varieties, and mostly domesti varieties (very few experiments having been tried on natural varieties) and this implies that there has been recent variability; which would ofte continue and would augment that arising from the act of crossing.
For the present the danger was over, and Fanny's sick feelings subsided; but when tea was soon afterwards brought in, and Sir Thomas, getting up, said that he found that he could not be any longer in the house without just looking into his own dear room, every agitation was returning.
For the present you have only to tranquillise yourself.
For the purity of her intentions she could answer; and she was willing to hope, secondly, that her uncle's displeasure was abating, and would abate farther as he considered the matter with more impartiality, and felt, as a good man must feel, how wretched, and how unpardonable, how hopeless, and how wicked it was to marry without affection.
For the rest, he was dark-haired and berry-brown of skin, well-knit and strong, and obviously used to exercising his muscles, but with nothing rough or coarse about him, and clean as might be.
For the rest, remember that all the artificial burdens of motherhood are now done away with.
For the rest, there were six persons present, and consequently six sections of the party were represented, four of which had strong but divergent Anarchist opinions.
For the rest, they had no difficulty about the material of their army; for that revolutionary instinct so acted on the ordinary soldier in the ranks that the greater part, certainly the best part, of the soldiers joined the side of the people.
For the rest, we are all inclined, to excuse our poor friend for making us so unhappy, on the ground that he does it out of an exaggerated respect for human life and its happiness.
For the rest, whatever coal or mineral we need is brought to grass and sent whither it is needed with as little as possible of dirt, confusion, and the distressing of quiet people's lives.
For the teeth really differ much:  thus the do has on each side of the upper jaw four pre-molars and only two molars while the Thylacinus has three pre-molars and four molars.
For the workers of Myrmica hav not even rudiments of ocelli, though the male and female ants of this genu have well-developed ocelli.
For there is plenty of labour and material in it.
For these intermediate varietie will, from reasons already assigned (namely from what we know of the actua distribution of closely allied or representative species, and likewise o acknowledged varieties), exist in the intermediate zones in lesser number than the varieties which they tend to connect.
For these lands, and, I say, especially the northern parts of America, suffered so terribly from the full force of the last days of civilisation, and became such horrible places to live in, that they are now very backward in all that makes life pleasant.
For these species from belonging to distinct families, would have differed to a certai extent, and in accordance with the principle that the nature of eac variation depends on two factors, viz., the nature of the organism and tha of the surrounding conditions, their variability assuredly would not hav been exactly the same.
For they depended not on a carefully arranged centre with all kinds of checks and counter-checks about it, but on a huge mass of people in thorough sympathy with the movement, bound together by a great number of links of small centres with very simple instructions.
For they said, it was a shame to quarrel upon Christmas Day.
For they were a musical family, and knew what they were about, when they sung a Glee or Catch, I can assure you: especially Topper, who could growl away in the bass like a good one, and never swell the large veins in his forehead, or get red in the face over it.
For this letter she must try to arm herself.
For this range of 60 deg the makers who supply Government are limited to 0.6 of a degree as a maximum error of scale reading; but so accurately are these thermometers made, that it has not been found necessary to reject more than a very few of them.
For this subject interests me intensely.
For this third day the mass was fermenting indeed.
For though Lady Bertram rather shone in the epistolary line, having early in her marriage, from the want of other employment, and the circumstance of Sir Thomas's being in Parliament, got into the way of making and keeping correspondents, and formed for herself a very creditable, common-place, amplifying style, so that a very little matter was enough for her: she could not do entirely without any; she must have something to write about, even to her niece; and being so soon to lose all the benefit of Dr. Grant's gouty symptoms and Mrs. Grant's morning calls, it was very hard upon her to be deprived of one of the last epistolary uses she could put them to.
For though the offspring of one species might be adapte (and no doubt this has occurred in innumerable instances) to fill the plac of another species in the economy of nature, and thus supplant it; yet th two forms - the old and the new - would not be identically the same; for bot would almost certainly inherit different characters from their distinc progenitors; and organisms already differing would vary in a differen manner.
For though the ruling-classes when the news spread next morning felt one gasp of horror and even dread, yet the Government and their immediate backers felt that now the wine was drawn and must be drunk.
For though there was a bridge across the stream and houses on its banks, how all was changed from last night! The soap-works with their smoke-vomiting chimneys were gone; the engineer's works gone; the lead-works gone; and no sound of rivetting and hammering came down the west wind from Thorneycroft's.
For three weeks after, he lay sick in bed; and the doctor, who attended him, had the water supply of that part of town completely overhauled.
For w know how commonly wild animals and plants, when taken from their natura conditions and subjected to captivity, are rendered sterile; and th reproductive functions of organic beings which have always lived unde natural conditions would probably in like manner be eminently sensitive t the influence of an unnatural cross.
For we hav reason to believe that only a few species of a genus ever undergo change the other species becoming utterly extinct and leaving no modified progeny.
For we know that Europe in ancient times was peopled b numerous marsupials; and I have shown in the publications above alluded to that in America the law of distribution of terrestrial mammals was formerl different from what it now is.
For we might feel sure, whether ther had been more or less modification, that the principle of inheritance woul keep the forms together which were allied in the greatest number of points.
For we must remember that it is the union of th sexual elements of individuals of the same form, for instance, of two long styled forms, which results in sterility; while it is the union of th sexual elements proper to two distinct forms which is fertile.
For what is to be done in the church? Men love to distinguish themselves, and in either of the other lines distinction may be gained, but not in the church.
For when a new insect first arrived on th island, the tendency of natural selection to enlarge or to reduce th wings, would depend on whether a greater number of individuals were save by successfully battling with the winds, or by giving up the attempt an rarely or never flying.
For when it is stated for instance, that certain South American indigenous domestic dogs do no readily unite with European dogs, the explanation which will occur t everyone, and probably the true one, is that they are descended fro aboriginally distinct species.
For where, Fanny, shall we find a woman whom nature had so richly endowed? Spoilt, spoilt! After a little reflection, he went on with a sort of desperate calmness.
For why should the sterility be so extremel different in degree, when various species are crossed, all of which we mus suppose it would be equally important to keep from blending together?  Wh should the degree of sterility be innately variable in the individuals o the same species?  Why should some species cross with facility and ye produce very sterile hybrids; and other species cross with extrem difficulty, and yet produce fairly fertile hybrids?  Why should there ofte be so great a difference in the result of a reciprocal cross between th same two species?  Why, it may even be asked, has the production of hybrid been permitted?  To grant to species the special power of producin hybrids, and then to stop their further propagation by different degrees o sterility, not strictly related to the facility of the first union betwee their parents, seems a strange arrangement.
For years I have seen this coming, and now it has come.
For, as I have recently remarked in regard to the members of each grea kingdom, such as the Vertebrata, Articulata, etc., we have distinc evidence in their embryological, homologous, and rudimentary structures that within each kingdom all the members are descended from a singl progenitor.
For, indeed, we should be too much ashamed of ourselves if we allowed the making of goods, even on a large scale, to carry with it the appearance, even, of desolation and misery.
For, not to mince matters, I can tell that you are a stranger, and must come from a place very unlike England.
For, said they, the buds are the children of the flowers, and the little playful streams that gambol down the hill-sides are the children of the water; and the smallest bright specks playing at hide and seek in the sky all night, must surely be the children of the stars; and they would all be grieved to see their playmates, the children of men, no more.
For, the people who were shovelling away on the housetops were jovial and full of glee; calling out to one another from the parapets, and now and then exchanging a facetious snowball - better-natured missile far than many a wordy jest - laughing heartily if it went right and not less heartily if it went wrong.
Forbearance and patience were not among Mr. Naseby's qualities.
Formations rich in fossils of many kinds, and of thickness sufficient t last to an age as distant in futurity as the secondary formations lie i the past, would generally be formed in the archipelago only during period of subsidence.
Formica flava has larger and smaller workers, with some few of intermediat size; and, in this species, as Mr. F. Smith has observed, the large workers have simple eyes (ocelli), which, though small, can be plainl distinguished, whereas the smaller workers have their ocelli rudimentary.
Formica sanguinea, on the other hand, possesses muc fewer slaves, and in the early part of the summer extremely few.
Fortunately most children have had that at all times, or I do not know that we should ever have reached our present position.
Fossi remains sometimes tend to fill up very wide intervals between existin orders.
Foul weather didn't know where to have him.
Four fine mornings successively were spent in this manner, in shewing the Crawfords the country, and doing the honours of its finest spots.
Four thousand a year is a pretty estate, and he seems a very genteel, steady young man, so I hope Miss Julia will be very happy.
Four-and-twenty hours had never passed before, since August began, without bringing them together in some way or other.
Fourier, whom all men laughed at, understood the matter better.
Fourthly, pigeons have been watched and tended with the utmost care, an loved by many people.
Fowls clucked and strutted in the stables; and the coach-houses and sheds were over-run with grass.
Frankly, I am not disappointed in her.
Fraternal love, sometimes almost everything, is at others worse than nothing.
Frederick Cuvier and several of the older metaphysicians have compare instinct with habit.
Fresh water and salt-loving plants generally have very wid ranges and are much diffused, but this seems to be connected with th nature of the stations inhabited by them, and has little or no relation t the size of the genera to which the species belong.
Fresh-water fish, I find, ea seeds of many land and water plants; fish are frequently devoured by birds and thus the seeds might be transported from place to place.
Friend, all their devices for cheapening labour simply resulted in increasing the burden of labour.
Fritz Muller argues that this close similarity in so many points o structure must, in accordance with the views advanced by me, be accounte for by inheritance from a common progenitor.
Fritz Muller has described analogous but more extraordinar cases with the males of certain Brazilian Crustaceans:  thus, the male of  Tanais regularly occurs under two distinct forms; one of these has stron and differently shaped pincers, and the other has antennae much mor abundantly furnished with smelling-hairs.
Fritz Muller, in order to test the conclusions arrived at in this volume has followed out with much care a nearly similar line of argument.
Fro facts communicated to me by the Rev. W.B. Clarke, it appears also tha there are traces of former glacial action on the mountains of the south eastern corner of Australia.
From a slight motion at the commencement, affecting only that portion of the fluid adjoining either of those places of diminution or repletion gradually all the water becomes influenced and acquires more or less rapid movement.
From a want of attention to the barometer, they have either closed the land (if at sea), or have put to sea (bein in harbour in safety) at improper times; and in consequence of such want of precaution the ships have been lost, owing to bad weather coming on suddenly, which might have been avoided had proper attention been paid to that very simple instrument.
From about the time of her entering the family, Lady Bertram, in consequence of a little ill-health, and a great deal of indolence, gave up the house in town, which she had been used to occupy every spring, and remained wholly in the country, leaving Sir Thomas to attend his duty in Parliament, with whatever increase or diminution of comfort might arise from her absence.
From all that I hear and guess, Baron Wildenheim's attentions to Julia continue, but I do not know that he has any serious encouragement.
From all the cells, bot those just commenced and those completed, being thus crowned by a stron coping of wax, the bees can cluster and crawl over the comb withou injuring the delicate hexagonal walls.
From being the mere gentleman's residence, it becomes, by judicious improvement, the residence of a man of education, taste, modern manners, good connexions.
From facts communicated to me by Mr. Blyth, on the habits, voice constitution and structure of the humped Indian cattle, it is almos certain that they are descended from a different aboriginal stock from ou European cattle; and some competent judges believe that these latter hav had two or three wild progenitors, whether or not these deserve to b called species.
From four to eight degrees of difference is usual in England; and about seven is considered healthy for living rooms.
From looking at species as only strongly marked and well-defined varieties I was led to anticipate that the species of the larger genera in eac country would oftener present varieties, than the species of the smalle genera; for wherever many closely related species (i.e., species of th same genus) have been formed, many varieties or incipient species ought, a a general rule, to be now forming.
From my soul I do not think she would marry you without love; that is, if there is a girl in the world capable of being uninfluenced by ambition, I can suppose it her; but ask her to love you, and she will never have the heart to refuse.
From passages in Genesis, it is clear that the colour of domesti animals was at that early period attended to.
From such structures we may advance till we come to such  case of extraordinary adaptation as that lately described by Dr. Cruger i the Coryanthes.
From that chief peak of the hills, that now and then, like an uplifted finger, shone in an arrow of sunlight through the broken clouds, the shepherd in clear weather might perceive the shining of the sea.
From that hour forth, the child looked out upon the star as on the home he was to go to, when his time should come; and he thought that he did not belong to the earth alone, but to the star too, because of his sister's angel gone before.
From that time Mr. Crawford sat down likewise.
From the colourless state of the ventral surface of most fishes and of man other animals, we may reasonably suppose that the absence of colour i flat-fish on the side, whether it be the right or left, which is under most, is due to the exclusion of light.
From the experiment of the ridge of vermilion wax we can see that, if th bees were to build for themselves a thin wall of wax, they could make thei cells of the proper shape, by standing at the proper distance from eac other, by excavating at the same rate, and by endeavouring to make equa spherical hollows, but never allowing the spheres to break into each other.
From the extraordinary manner in whic European productions have recently spread over New Zealand, and have seize on places which must have been previously occupied by the indigenes, w must believe, that if all the animals and plants of Great Britain were se free in New Zealand, a multitude of British forms would in the course o time become thoroughly naturalized there, and would exterminate many of th natives.
From the fact of the above characters being unimportant for the welfare o the species, any slight variations which occurred in them would not hav been accumulated and augmented through natural selection.
From the facts alluded to in the first chapter, I think there can be n doubt that use in our domestic animals has strengthened and enlarge certain parts, and disuse diminished them; and that such modifications ar inherited.
From the first casting of the parts to the epilogue it was all bewitching, and there were few who did not wish to have been a party concerned, or would have hesitated to try their skill.
From the first growth of the tree, many a limb and branch ha decayed and dropped off; and these fallen branches of various sizes ma represent those whole orders, families, and genera which have now no livin representatives, and which are known to us only in a fossil state.
From the foldings of its robe, it brought two children; wretched, abject, frightful, hideous, miserable.
From the foregoing facts, namely, the presence of temperate forms on th highlands across the whole of equatorial Africa, and along the Peninsula o India, to Ceylon and the Malay Archipelago, and in a less well-marke manner across the wide expanse of tropical South America, it appears almos certain that at some former period, no doubt during the most severe part o a Glacial period, the lowlands of these great continents were everywher tenanted under the equator by a considerable number of temperate forms.
From the great difficulty of ascertainin the infertility of varieties in a state of nature, for a supposed variety if proved to be infertile in any degree, would almost universally be ranke as a species; from man attending only to external characters in hi domestic varieties, and from such varieties not having been exposed fo very long periods to uniform conditions of life; from these severa considerations we may conclude that fertility does not constitute  fundamental distinction between varieties and species when crossed.
From the highly developed structure of the shoveller's beak we may procee (as I have learned from information and specimens sent to me by Mr. Salvin), without any great break, as far as fitness for sifting i concerned, through the beak of the Merganetta armata, and in some respect through that of the Aix sponsa, to the beak of the common duck.
From the history of the dog, and of some other domestic animals, thi conclusion is probably quite correct, if applied to species closely relate to each other.
From the most remote period in the history of the world organic beings hav been found to resemble each other in descending degrees, so that they ca be classed in groups under groups.
From the nature of the organic remains which do not appear to hav inhabited profound depths, in the several formations of Europe and of th United States; and from the amount of sediment, miles in thickness, o which the formations are composed, we may infer that from first to las large islands or tracts of land, whence the sediment was derived, occurre in the neighbourhood of the now existing continents of Europe and Nort America.
From the remarks just made we can see how by changes of structure in th young, in conformity with changed habits of life, together with inheritanc at corresponding ages, animals might come to pass through stages o development, perfectly distinct from the primordial condition of thei adult progenitors.
From the southern side of the said orchard ran a long road, chequered over with the shadow of tall old pear trees, at the end of which showed the high tower of the Parliament House, or Dung Market.
From thes considerations I think we need not greatly marvel at the endemic specie which inhabit the several islands of the Galapagos Archipelago not havin all spread from island to island.
From these considerations, I shall devote the first chapter of thi abstract to variation under domestication.
From these considerations, from our ignorance of the geology of othe countries beyond the confines of Europe and the United States, and from th revolution in our palaeontological knowledge effected by the discoveries o the last dozen years, it seems to me to be about as rash to dogmatize o the succession of organic forms throughout the world, as it would be for  naturalist to land for five minutes on a barren point in Australia, an then to discuss the number and range of its productions.
From these facts it can no longer be maintained that varieties when crosse are invariably quite fertile.
From these remarks it will be seen that I look at the term species as on arbitrarily given, for the sake of convenience, to a set of individual closely resembling each other, and that it does not essentially differ fro the term variety, which is given to less distinct and more fluctuatin forms.
From these several considerations I think it inevitably follows, that a new species in the course of time are formed through natural selection others will become rarer and rarer, and finally extinct.
From these several considerations and from the many special facts which  have collected, but which I am unable here to give, it appears that wit animals and plants an occasional intercross between distinct individuals i a very general, if not universal, law of nature.
From these several considerations it cannot be doubted that the geologica record, viewed as a whole, is extremely imperfect; but if we confine ou attention to any one formation, it becomes much more difficult t understand why we do not therein find closely graduated varieties betwee the allied species which lived at its commencement and at its close.
From these several facts, namely, from the glacial action having extende all round the northern and southern hemispheres - from the period havin been in a geological sense recent in both hemispheres - from its havin lasted in both during a great length of time, as may be inferred from th amount of work effected - and lastly, from glaciers having recentl descended to a low level along the whole line of the Cordillera, it at on time appeared to me that we could not avoid the conclusion that th temperature of the whole world had been simultaneously lowered during th Glacial period.
From these several reasons, namely, the improbability of man havin formerly made seven or eight supposed species of pigeons to breed freel under domestication - these supposed species being quite unknown in a wil state, and their not having become anywhere feral - these species presentin certain very abnormal characters, as compared with all other Columbidae though so like the rock-pigeon in most other respects - the occasiona reappearance of the blue colour and various black marks in all the breeds both when kept pure and when crossed - and lastly, the mongrel offsprin being perfectly fertile - from these several reasons, taken together, we ma safely conclude that all our domestic breeds are descended from the rock pigeon or Columba livia with its geographical sub-species.
From thi absolute zero of fertility, the pollen of different species applied to th stigma of some one species of the same genus, yields a perfect gradation i the number of seeds produced, up to nearly complete or even quite complet fertility; and, as we have seen, in certain abnormal cases, even to a excess of fertility, beyond that which the plant's own pollen produces.
From thi stage, in which the lamellae would be two-thirds of the length of th plates of baleen in the Balaenoptera rostrata, gradations, which may b observed in still-existing Cetaceans, lead us onward to the enormous plate of baleen in the Greenland whale.
From this cause alone th intermediate varieties will be liable to accidental extermination; an during the process of further modification through natural selection, the will almost certainly be beaten and supplanted by the forms which the connect; for these, from existing in greater numbers will, in th aggregate, present more varieties, and thus be further improved throug natural selection and gain further advantages.
From this day Fanny grew more comfortable.
From this extreme degree of sterility we hav self-fertilised hybrids producing a greater and greater number of seeds u to perfect fertility.
From this fact we must conclude either that the aborigina parent-species at first produced perfectly fertile hybrids, or that th hybrids subsequently reared under domestication became quite fertile.
From this hour the subject is never to be revived between us.
From this moment I make no difficulties.
From this moment there was a return of his former jealousy, which Maria, from increasing hopes of Crawford, was at little pains to remove; and the chances of Mr. Rushworth's ever attaining to the knowledge of his two-and-forty speeches became much less.
From this simple condition, which differs but little from that of  multitude of common flowers, there are endless gradations - to species i which the pollen-mass terminates in a very short, free caudicle - to other in which the caudicle becomes firmly attached to the viscid matter, wit the sterile stigma itself much modified.
From this simple stage we may pass through an inexhaustible number o contrivances, all for the same purpose and effected in essentially the sam manner, but entailing changes in every part of the flower.
From time to time, when we have found out that some piece of work was too disagreeable or troublesome, we have given it up and done altogether without the thing produced by it.
From what I have read of the nineteenth century literature (and I have read a good deal), it is clear to me that this is a kind of revenge for the stupidity of that day, which despised everybody who could use his hands.
Full well could Fanny guess where his thoughts were now: Miss Crawford's power was all returning.
Further investigations into electrical and chemical peculiarities will probably throw additional light, perhaps the strongest, on meteorological science.
Further south, on both sides of the continent, fro latitude 41 degrees to the southernmost extremity, we have the cleares evidence of former glacial action, in numerous immense boulders transporte far from their parent source.
Further we must suppose that there is a power, represented by natura selection or the survival of the fittest, always intently watching eac slight alteration in the transparent layers; and carefully preserving eac which, under varied circumstances, in any way or degree, tends to produce  distincter image.
Further, I should take it as very kind in you if you would allow me to be the showman of our new world to you, since you have stumbled on me first.
Furthermore, I am convinced that natural selection ha been the most important, but not the exclusive, means of modification.
Furthermore, our standards of honour and public estimation are very different from the old ones; success in besting our neighbours is a road to renown now closed, let us hope for ever.
Furthermore, we may conclude that transitional states between structure fitted for very different habits of life will rarely have been developed a an early period in great numbers and under many subordinate forms.
Gartner also, makes the rule equally universal; and he disputes the entir fertility of Kolreuter's ten cases.
Gartner furthe states that when any two species, although most closely allied to eac other, are crossed with a third species, the hybrids are widely differen from each other; whereas if two very distinct varieties of one species ar crossed with another species, the hybrids do not differ much.
Gartner further admits tha hybrids between very closely allied species are more variable than thos from very distinct species; and this shows that the difference in th degree of variability graduates away.
Gartner kept, during several years, a dwarf kind of maiz with yellow seeds, and a tall variety with red seeds growing near eac other in his garden; and although these plants have separated sexes, the never naturally crossed.
Gartner whose strong wish it was to draw a distinct line between species an varieties, could find very few, and, as it seems to me, quite unimportan differences between the so-called hybrid offspring of species, and th so-called mongrel offspring of varieties.
Gartner, moreover found that this difference of facility in making reciprocal crosses i extremely common in a lesser degree.
Genera which are polymorphic in one country seem t be, with a few exceptions, polymorphic in other countries, and likewise judging from Brachiopod shells, at former periods of time.
Generally speaking, natural, quiet, delicate tints or colours, with soft undefined forms of clouds, foretell fine weather: but gaudy or unusual hues, with hard, definite outlines, presage rain and wind.
Generally the term includes the unknown element of  distinct act of creation.
Generally, however, as the three act much less strongly, and are less in accord - ordinary varieties of weather (the wind varying as usual - with more or less cloudiness, or rain) occur much more frequently than extreme changes.
Generally, squalls are preceded, or accompanied, or followed by clouds but the very dangerous white squall (of the West Indies and other regions), is indicated only by a rushing sound, and by white wave crests.
Generally, the mos vigorous males, those which are best fitted for their places in nature will leave most progeny.
Generally, the softer clouds look, the less wind (but perhaps more rain) may be expected.
Generations of observers had proved beyond question that the pendulum swayed, that the hands crept about the dial, that the phenomenon of the chimes occurred at intervals of a roughly approximate equality, and that it was at least possible to conceive a relation between these intervals and the procession of the hands.
Gentlemen of the free-and-easy sort, who plume themselves on being acquainted with a move or two, and being usually equal to the time-of-day, express the wide range of their capacity for adventure by observing that they are good for anything from pitch-and-toss to manslaughter; between which opposite extremes, no doubt, there lies a tolerably wide and comprehensive range of subjects.
Geoffroy St.
Geographical distribution has often been used, though perhaps not quit logically, in classification, more especially in very large groups o closely allied forms.
Geographical distribution ma sometimes be brought usefully into play in classing large genera, becaus all the species of the same genus, inhabiting any distinct and isolate region, are in all probability descended from the same parents.
Geology would lead us to believe that most continents have been broken u into islands even during the later tertiary periods; and in such island distinct species might have been separately formed without the possibilit of intermediate varieties existing in the intermediate zones.
George Mivart, has recently collecte all the objections which have ever been advanced by myself and other against the theory of natural selection, as propounded by Mr. Wallace an myself, and has illustrated them with admirable art and force.
George's, Hanover Square.
Ghosts of Departed Usurer Ghosts of Departed Usurer Whether these creatures faded into mist, or mist enshrouded them, he could not tell.
Girded round its middle was an antique scabbard; but no sword was in it, and the ancient sheath was eaten up with rust.
Girls should be quiet and modest.
Girou de Buzareingues crossed three varieties of gourd, which like th maize has separated sexes, and he asserts that their mutual fertilisatio is by so much the less easy as their differences are greater.
Give a girl an education, and introduce her properly into the world, and ten to one but she has the means of settling well, without farther expense to anybody.
Glad to see you.
Gladly would I have bestowed either of my own daughters on him.
Gladly would I submit to all the increased pain of losing her, rather than have to think of her as I do.
Glancing at instincts, marvellous as some are, they offer no greate difficulty than do corporeal structures on the theory of the natura selection of successive, slight, but profitable modifications.
Glass windows are inserted in the upper part of the iron air-chamber, through which the scales of the barometers may be seen; but as the verniers cannot be moved in the usual way from outside the chamber, a provision is made for reading the height of the mercury independent of the verniers attached to the scales of the respectiv barometers.
Glass, barometer, column, mercury, quicksilver, or hand.
Go and buy it, and tell 'em to bring it here, that I may give them the direction where to take it.
Go and have a look at the sheep-walks high up the slopes between Ingleborough and Pen-y-gwent, and tell me if you think we waste the land there by not covering it with factories for making things that nobody wants, which was the chief business of the nineteenth century.
Go back again, now you have seen us, and your outward eyes have learned that in spite of all the infallible maxims of your day there is yet a time of rest in store for the world, when mastery has changed into fellowship - but not before.
Go back again, then, and while you live you will see all round you people engaged in making others live lives which are not their own, while they themselves care nothing for their own real lives - men who hate life though they fear death.
Go back and be the happier for having seen us, for having added a little hope to your struggle.
Go into the law.
Go north this summer and look at the Cumberland and Westmoreland ones, - where, by the way, you will see some sheep-feeding, so that they are not so wasteful as you think; not so wasteful as forcing-grounds for fruit out of season, I think.
Go on living while you may, striving, with whatsoever pain and labour needs must be, to build up little by little the new day of fellowship, and rest, and happiness.
Go on, go on.) By some such improvements as I have suggested (I do not really require you to proceed upon my plan, though, by the bye, I doubt anybody's striking out a better) you may give it a higher character.
Go on, my dear Fanny, and without fear; there can be no difficulties worth naming.
Go therefore they must to that knoll, and through that gate; but the gate was locked.
God bless us! Which all the family re-echoed.
God pardon you.
Good afternoon, gentlemen! Seeing clearly that it would be useless to pursue their point, the gentlemen withdrew.
Good heaven! what could I do with Fanny? Me! a poor, helpless, forlorn widow, unfit for anything, my spirits quite broke down; what could I do with a girl at her time of life? A girl of fifteen! the very age of all others to need most attention and care, and put the cheerfullest spirits to the test! Sure Sir Thomas could not seriously expect such a thing! Sir Thomas is too much my friend.
Good morning! Not another word.
Good-bye and good luck, Guest! And he jumped down and strode away vigorously, like a young man.
Good-bye, guest.
Good-bye; I wish you a pleasant journey to-morrow.
Good-humoured, unaffected girls will not do for a man who has been used to sensible women.
Gradations of structure, with each stag beneficial to a changing species, will be favoured only under certai peculiar conditions.
Granting whatever instincts you please, it seems at firs quite inconceivable how they can make all the necessary angles and planes or even perceive when they are correctly made.
Great as are the differences between the breeds of the pigeon, I am full convinced that the common opinion of naturalists is correct, namely, tha all are descended from the rock-pigeon (Columba livia), including unde this term several geographical races or sub-species, which differ from eac other in the most trifling respects.
Great care should be taken to look thus square, or at right angles to the scale.
Great diversity in the size of tw plants, one being woody and the other herbaceous, one being evergreen an the other deciduous, and adaptation to widely different climates, does no always prevent the two grafting together.
Great heaps of sea-weed clung to its base, and storm-birds - born of the wind one might suppose, as sea-weed of the water - rose and fell about it, like the waves they skimmed.
Great is the power of steady misrepresentation but the history of science shows that fortunately this power does not lon endure.
Groups of species increase i numbers slowly, and endure for unequal periods of time; for the process o modification is necessarily slow, and depends on many comple contingencies.
Groups of species, living during the same period of time, or living withi the same area, are often characterised by trifling features in common, a of sculpture or colour.
Groups of species, that is, genera and families, follow the same genera rules in their appearance and disappearance as do single species, changin more or less quickly, and in a greater or lesser degree.
Grouse, if not destroyed at some period of their lives, woul increase in countless numbers; they are known to suffer largely from bird of prey; and hawks are guided by eyesight to their prey, - so much so tha on parts of the continent persons are warned not to keep white pigeons, a being the most liable to destruction.
Guess my surprise, when I found that I had been asking the most unreasonable, most impossible thing in the world; had offended all the farmers, all the labourers, all the hay in the parish! As for Dr. Grant's bailiff, I believe I had better keep out of his way; and my brother-in-law himself, who is all kindness in general, looked rather black upon me when he found what I had been at.
Guess what I must have felt.
Guests, please be seated.
Guided by theoretical considerations, I thought that some interestin results might be obtained in regard to the nature and relations of th species which vary most, by tabulating all the varieties in severa well-worked floras.
H argues with much force on general grounds that species are not immutabl productions.
H consequently believes in an innate tendency towards progressive and mor perfect development.
H then shows that if a single individual were born, which varied in som manner, giving it twice as good a chance of life as that of the othe individuals, yet the chances would be strongly against its survival.
Ha ha ha! Really, for a man who had been out of practice for so many years, it was a splendid laugh, a most illustrious laugh.
Ha, ha! We're all suitable to our calling, we're well matched.
Habit in all these cases appears to have come to a certain extent int play; but there must be some fundamental cause in the constitution of th nervous system in each species.
Habit in producing constitutiona peculiarities, and use in strengthening, and disuse in weakening an diminishing organs, appear in many cases to have been potent in thei effects.
Habit is hereditary with plants, as in the period of flowering, in the tim of sleep, in the amount of rain requisite for seeds to germinate, etc., an this leads me to say a few words on acclimatisation.
Habit no doubt often comes into pla in modifying instincts; but it certainly is not indispensable, as we see i the case of neuter insects, which leave no progeny to inherit the effect of long-continued habit.
Habit, and this almost implies that some benefit great o small is thus derived, would in all probability suffice for the work.
Habits easily becom associated with other habits, with certain periods of time and states o the body.
Had Fanny accepted Mr. Crawford this could not have happened.
Had Fanny been at all addicted to raptures, she must have had a strong attack of them when she first understood what was intended, when her uncle first made her the offer of visiting the parents, and brothers, and sisters, from whom she had been divided almost half her life; of returning for a couple of months to the scenes of her infancy, with William for the protector and companion of her journey, and the certainty of continuing to see William to the last hour of his remaining on land.
Had Henry returned, as he talked of doing, at the end of three or four days, she should now have been leaving Mansfield.
Had I received any letter from Mansfield, to tell me how you were all going on, I believe I should certainly have staid; but I knew nothing that had happened here for a fortnight, and felt that I had been away long enough.
Had Sir Thomas applied to his daughter within the first three or four days after Henry Crawford's leaving Mansfield, before her feelings were at all tranquillised, before she had given up every hope of him, or absolutely resolved on enduring his rival, her answer might have been different; but after another three or four days, when there was no return, no letter, no message, no symptom of a softened heart, no hope of advantage from separation, her mind became cool enough to seek all the comfort that pride and self revenge could give.
Had he been a big red man, with whiskers, you would have beaten him - you know you would - if Mr. Naseby had been ten times more committed.
Had he been alone with her, his heart must have opened in spite of every resolution; but Susan's presence drove him quite into himself, and his attempts to talk on indifferent subjects could never be long supported.
Had he been privy to her conversation with his son, he would not have wished her to belong to him, though her twenty thousand pounds had been forty.
Had he done as he intended, and as he knew he ought, by going down to Everingham after his return from Portsmouth, he might have been deciding his own happy destiny.
Had he done so, of course Dick could have taken to his heels, and warned Esther of what was coming, and of how it had begun.
Had his choice been less unexceptionable, I should have condemned his persevering.
Had it not been for the rare accident of th preservation of footsteps in the new red sandstone of the United States who would have ventured to suppose that no less than at least thirt different bird-like animals, some of gigantic size, existed during tha period?  Not a fragment of bone has been discovered in these beds.
Had my daughters been younger than herself, I should have considered the introduction of such a companion as a matter of very serious moment; but, as it is, I hope there can be nothing to fear for them, and everything to hope for her, from the association.
Had our cuckoo invariably displayed the abov instinct, it would assuredly have been added to those which it is assume must all have been acquired together.
Had she accepted him as she ought, they might now have been on the point of marriage, and Henry would have been too happy and too busy to want any other object.
Had she been different when I did see her, I should have made no complaint, but from the very first she was altered: my first reception was so unlike what I had hoped, that I had almost resolved on leaving London again directly.
Had she been tall, full formed, and fair, it might have been more of a trial: but as it was, there could be no comparison; and she was most allowably a sweet, pretty girl, while they were the finest young women in the country.
Had she ever given way to bursts of delight, it must have been then, for she was delighted, but her happiness was of a quiet, deep, heart-swelling sort; and though never a great talker, she was always more inclined to silence when feeling most strongly.
Had she possessed greater leisure for the service of her girls, she would probably have supposed it unnecessary, for they were under the care of a governess, with proper masters, and could want nothing more.
Had the Admiral met him with his father, what would have been the result? And could such a catastrophe be long postponed? It seemed to him as if the storm were nearly ripe; and it was so more nearly than he thought.
Had there been a family to provide for, Mrs. Norris might never have saved her money; but having no care of that kind, there was nothing to impede her frugality, or lessen the comfort of making a yearly addition to an income which they had never lived up to.
Had this horse been still living but in some degree rare, no naturalist would have felt the least surpris at its rarity; for rarity is the attribute of a vast number of species o all classes, in all countries.
Had this mimicry occurred in onl one or two instances, it might have been passed over as a strang coincidence.
Had this warm, upright, sullen girl been differently used by destiny, had events come upon her even in a different succession, for some things lead easily to others, the whole course of this tale would have been changed, and Esther never would have run away.
Had you seen her so, Mary, you would not have implied the possibility of her power over my heart ever ceasing.
Half a dozen of them, men and women, came up to me and shook hands, gave me the sele of the morning, and asked a few questions as to whence and whither, and wishing me good luck, went back to their work.
Half an hour followed that would have been at least languid under any other circumstances, but Fanny's happiness still prevailed.
Half his destiny would then be determined, but the other half might not be so very smoothly wooed.
Half-a-dozen gas-lamps out of the street wouldn't have lighted the entry too well, so you may suppose that it was pretty dark with Scrooge's dip.
Hallo here! Whoop! Hallo! He had frisked into the sitting-room, and was now standing there: perfectly winded.
Hallo! A great deal of steam! The pudding was out of the copper.
Hallo! Whoop! Hallo here! He was checked in his transports by the churches ringing out the lustiest peals he had ever heard.
Hammond laughed quietly, but made no other comment on my admission, and I dropped the subject of education, perceiving him to be hopeless on that side.
Hang it! thought I, I can't open my mouth without digging up some new complexity.
Happily for him, a love of the theatre is so general, an itch for acting so strong among young people, that he could hardly out-talk the interest of his hearers.
Happily, however, she was not left to weigh and decide between opposite inclinations and doubtful notions of right; there was no occasion to determine whether she ought to keep Edmund and Mary asunder or not.
Happily, those feelings have generally been good.
Happy Julia! Unhappy Maria! The former was on the barouche-box in a moment, the latter took her seat within, in gloom and mortification; and the carriage drove off amid the good wishes of the two remaining ladies, and the barking of Pug in his mistress's arms.
Hard on the cow, I think.
Hard parts seem to affect the form of adjoining sof parts; it is believed by some authors that with birds the diversity in th shape of the pelvis causes the remarkable diversity in the shape of th kidneys.
Hardly any recen discovery shows more forcibly than this how little we as yet know of th former inhabitants of the world.
Hark! The time is drawing near.
Has not Miss Crawford a gown something the same? In approaching the Parsonage they passed close by the stable-yard and coach-house.
Have I ever seen either of the gentlemen? Yes, Mr. Charles Maddox dined at my sister's one day, did not he, Henry? A quiet-looking young man.
Have I not paid for the lesson? Au revoir.
Have you heard the news? The Thrush went out of harbour this morning.
Have you never any balls at Northampton? I should like to see you dance, and I'd dance with you if you would, for nobody would know who I was here, and I should like to be your partner once more.
Have you not read of the Mediaeval period, and the ferocity of its criminal laws; and how in those days men fairly seemed to have enjoyed tormenting their fellow men? - nay, for the matter of that, they made their God a tormentor and a jailer rather than anything else.
Having alluded to the subject of reversion, I may here refer to a statemen often made by naturalists - namely, that our domestic varieties, when ru wild, gradually but invariably revert in character to their aborigina stocks.
Having been out some time, and taken a different route to the house, they had not met him.
Having carefully dissected several specimens of these workers, I can affir that the eyes are far more rudimentary in the smaller workers than can b accounted for merely by their proportionately lesser size; and I full believe, though I dare not assert so positively, that the workers o intermediate size have their ocelli in an exactly intermediate condition.
Having formed her mind and gained her affections, he had a good chance of her thinking like him; though at this period, and on this subject, there began now to be some danger of dissimilarity, for he was in a line of admiration of Miss Crawford, which might lead him where Fanny could not follow.
Having found a female tree exactly sixty yards from  male tree, I put the stigmas of twenty flowers, taken from differen branches, under the microscope, and on all, without exception, there were  few pollen-grains, and on some a profusion.
Having introduced him, however, and being all reseated, the terrors that occurred of what this visit might lead to were overpowering, and she fancied herself on the point of fainting away.
Having kept nearly all the Englis breeds of the fowl alive, having bred and crossed them, and examined thei skeletons, it appears to me almost certain that all are the descendants o the wild Indian fowl, Gallus bankiva; and this is the conclusion of Mr. Blyth, and of others who have studied this bird in India.
Having married on a narrower income than she had been used to look forward to, she had, from the first, fancied a very strict line of economy necessary; and what was begun as a matter of prudence, soon grew into a matter of choice, as an object of that needful solicitude which there were no children to supply.
Having no children of my own, who should I look to in any little matter I may ever have to bestow, but the children of my sisters? -  and I am sure Mr. Norris is too just - but you know I am a woman of few words and professions.
Having once begun, it is a pleasure to me to tell you all I feel.
Having once set out, and felt that he had done so on this road to happiness, there was nothing on the side of prudence to stop him or make his progress slow; no doubts of her deserving, no fears of opposition of taste, no need of drawing new hopes of happiness from dissimilarity of temper.
Having regulated her thoughts and comforted her feelings by this happy mixture of reason and weakness, she was able in due time to go down and resume her usual employments near her aunt Bertram, and pay her the usual observances without any apparent want of spirits.
Having so satisfactorily settled the conviction her note would convey, she could not but be astonished to see Mr. Crawford, as she accidentally did, coming up to the house again, and at an hour as early as the day before.
Having them shown to him in this way, he tried to say they were fine children, but the words choked themselves, rather than be parties to a lie of such enormous magnitude.
He acknowledged no such inducement, and his sister ought to have given him credit for better feelings than her own.
He admits tha natural selection has effected much, but he insists that the families o plants differ chiefly from each other in morphological characters, whic appear to be quite unimportant for the welfare of the species.
He advanced towards it trembling.
He already knew the squire by sight, and now, seeing him dismount before the cottage and come striding through the garden, concluded without doubt he was there to ask for Esther's hand.
He always compares the maximum number o seeds produced by two species when first crossed, and the maximum produce by their hybrid offspring, with the average number produced by both pur parent-species in a state of nature.
He always did.
He and I can go to the Parsonage, you know, and be no trouble to our friends at Mansfield Park.
He and his friend had been out with their guns the chief of the morning, and Tom had taken the opportunity of explaining, with proper apologies for his father's particularity, what was to be expected.
He argues from the analogy of domesti productions, from the changes which the embryos of many species undergo from the difficulty of distinguishing species and varieties, and from th principle of general gradation, that species have been modified; and h attributes the modification to the change of circumstances.
He attended them to the last, and left them only at the door of their own house, when he knew them to be going to dinner, and therefore pretended to be waited for elsewhere.
He became as good a friend, as good a master, and as good a man, as the good old city knew, or any other good old city, town, or borough, in the good old world.
He became candid and explanatory; sought to take his auditors entirely into his confidence, and tell them his inmost conviction about himself.
He became what he ought to be: useful to his father, steady and quiet, and not living merely for himself.
He believed this very stoutly while he was in Mansfield Wood, and all the way home; but there was a something in Sir Thomas, when they sat round the same table, which made Mr. Yates think it wiser to let him pursue his own way, and feel the folly of it without opposition.
He believes, like Dean Herbert, that species, when nascent, wer more plastic than at present.
He blushed and sighed, not altogether with pleasure, I thought; so of course I said nothing, and he turned the horse under an archway which brought us into a very large paved quadrangle, with a big sycamore tree in each corner and a plashing fountain in the midst.
He bowed gravely, but seemed, I thought, a little disappointed with my answer.
He called it a bad thing, done in the worst manner, and at the worst time; and though Julia was yet as more pardonable than Maria as folly than vice, he could not but regard the step she had taken as opening the worst probabilities of a conclusion hereafter like her sister's.
He called it a sacrifice, and demanded it of her goodness and self-command as such.
He came and sat down at our table with a smiling face, stretching out his long legs and hanging his arm over the chair in the slowly graceful way which tall and well-built people may use without affectation.
He came on the wings of disappointment, and with his head full of acting, for it had been a theatrical party; and the play in which he had borne a part was within two days of representation, when the sudden death of one of the nearest connexions of the family had destroyed the scheme and dispersed the performers.
He came right down to the river-side, and lingered a little, looking over the low wall to note the moonlit river, near upon high water, go swirling and glittering up to Chiswick Eyot: as for the ugly bridge below, he did not notice it or think of it, except when for a moment (says our friend) it struck him that he missed the row of lights down stream.
He came to her, sat down by her, took her hand, and pressed it kindly; and at that moment she thought that, but for the occupation and the scene which the tea-things afforded, she must have betrayed her emotion in some unpardonable excess.
He came towards her.
He came towards their little circle; but instead of asking her to dance, drew a chair near her, and gave her an account of the present state of a sick horse, and the opinion of the groom, from whom he had just parted.
He came, not to stop, but to join them; he was asked to go with them to the Garrison chapel, which was exactly what he had intended, and they all walked thither together.
He came; and he would have been delighted to shew his uniform there too, had not cruel custom prohibited its appearance except on duty.
He can go on horseback, you know.
He can never act by selection, excepting o variations which are first given to him in some slight degree by nature.
He can take the gray gelding; for we may ride fast.
He can't look uglier than he did in that one.
He cannot much longer deceive himself.
He carried his own low temperature always about with him; he iced his office in the dog-days; and didn't thaw it one degree at Christmas.
He certainly wished her to go willingly, but he as certainly wished her to be heartily sick of home before her visit ended; and that a little abstinence from the elegancies and luxuries of Mansfield Park would bring her mind into a sober state, and incline her to a juster estimate of the value of that home of greater permanence, and equal comfort, of which she had the offer.
He clearly saw, however, th full force of the principle of natural selection.
He cocked a white wide-awake coquettishly upon his head - the habit of the lady-killer clung to him; and Esther had already thrown on her hat, and was ready, while he was still studying the result in a mirror: the carbuncle had somewhat painfully arrested his attention.
He considered her rather as one who had never thought on the subject enough to be in danger; who had been guarded by youth, a youth of mind as lovely as of person; whose modesty had prevented her from understanding his attentions, and who was still overpowered by the suddenness of addresses so wholly unexpected, and the novelty of a situation which her fancy had never taken into account.
He continued with her the whole time of her writing, to assist her with his penknife or his orthography, as either were wanted; and added to these attentions, which she felt very much, a kindness to her brother which delighted her beyond all the rest.
He corroborated everything, remembered everything, enjoyed everything, and underwent the strangest agitation.
He could hardly ever get out, poor man, to enjoy anything, and that disheartened me from doing several things that Sir Thomas and I used to talk of.
He could have no comfort but in Edmund.
He could not but wonder at her refusing to do anything for a niece whom she had been so forward to adopt; but, as she took early care to make him, as well as Lady Bertram, understand that whatever she possessed was designed for their family, he soon grew reconciled to a distinction which, at the same time that it was advantageous and complimentary to them, would enable him better to provide for Fanny himself.
He could not have chosen better; that was a topic to bring back her attention and her looks almost instantly.
He could not have devised anything more likely to raise his consequence than this week's absence, occurring as it did at the very time of her brother's going away, of William Price's going too, and completing the sort of general break-up of a party which had been so animated.
He could not help giving Mrs. Norris a hint of his having hoped that her advice might have been interposed to prevent what her judgment must certainly have disapproved.
He could not think Lady Bertram quite equal to supply his place with them, or rather, to perform what should have been her own; but, in Mrs. Norris's watchful attention, and in Edmund's judgment, he had sufficient confidence to make him go without fears for their conduct.
He could say no more, for Fanny would be no longer detained.
He couldn't help it.
He crowed a little, like the old bird he was.
He debated and hesitated; - it was a serious charge; -  a girl so brought up must be adequately provided for, or there would be cruelty instead of kindness in taking her from her family.
He deprecated her mistaken but well-meaning zeal.
He desired that a woman should come to his arms with an attractive willingness, if not with ardour.
He despised small game and insignificant personalities, whether in the shape of dukes or bagmen, letting them go by like sea-weed; but show him a refined or powerful face, let him hear a plangent or a penetrating voice, fish for him with a living look in some one's eye, a passionate gesture, a meaning and ambiguous smile, and his mind was instantaneously awakened.
He did it all, and infinitely more; and to Tiny Tim, who did not die, he was a second father.
He did not appear in spirits: something unconnected with her was probably amiss.
He did not enter into any remonstrance with his other children: he was more willing to believe they felt their error than to run the risk of investigation.
He did not go to the cottage in the afternoon, withheld by fear and shame; but when dinner was over at Naseby House, and the squire had gone off into a comfortable doze, Dick slipped out of the room, and ran across country, in part to save time, in part to save his own courage from growing cold; for he now hated the notion of the cottage or the Admiral, and if he did not hate, at least feared to think of Esther.
He did not scruple to add that her being at home for a while would be a great advantage to everybody.
He did not understand her: he felt that he did not; and therefore applied to Edmund to tell him how she stood affected on the present occasion, and whether she were more or less happy than she had been.
He did not want abilities but he had no curiosity, and no information beyond his profession; he read only the newspaper and the navy-list; he talked only of the dockyard, the harbour, Spithead, and the Motherbank; he swore and he drank, he was dirty and gross.
He did not want them to die of love; but with sense and temper which ought to have made him judge and feel better, he allowed himself great latitude on such points.
He did pause, with a moment's irresolution, before he shut the door; and he did look cautiously behind it first, as if he half-expected to be terrified with the sight of Marley's pigtail sticking out into the hall.
He does it every spring.
He drew near, and the girl turned round.
He dropped the reins and caught her hand, and she made no resistance, although her touch was unresponsive.
He drove on again, while I smiled faintly to think how the nineteenth century, of which such big words have been said, counted for nothing in the memory of this man, who read Shakespeare and had not forgotten the Middle Ages.
He evidently tried to please her: he was gallant, he was attentive, he was something like what he had been to her cousins: he wanted, she supposed, to cheat her of her tranquillity as he had cheated them; and whether he might not have some concern in this necklace - she could not be convinced that he had not, for Miss Crawford, complaisant as a sister, was careless as a woman and a friend.
He experimented o some of the very same species as did Gartner.
He experimented on five forms which are commonl reputed to be varieties, and which he tested by the severest trial, namely by reciprocal crosses, and he found their mongrel offspring perfectl fertile.
He fastened the door, and walked across the hall, and up the stairs; slowly too: trimming his candle as he went.
He feared that principle, active principle, had been wanting; that they had never been properly taught to govern their inclinations and tempers by that sense of duty which can alone suffice.
He felt that he ought not to have allowed the marriage; that his daughter's sentiments had been sufficiently known to him to render him culpable in authorising it; that in so doing he had sacrificed the right to the expedient, and been governed by motives of selfishness and worldly wisdom.
He felt that it was tall and stately when it came beside him, and that its mysterious presence filled him with a solemn dread.
He felt the Spirit's glance, and stopped.
He first did the eminen service of arousing attention to the probability of all change in th organic, as well as in the inorganic world, being the result of law, an not of miraculous interposition.
He first gives in detail all the man points of structure which vary in the several species, and estimate numerically the relative frequency of the variations.
He found his father's manifesto in one column; and in another a leading article.
He found the places, and joined in response and hymn, as to the manner born; and his appearance, as he intended it should, attracted some attention among the worshippers.
He gave a joyous shout to the people on the bank, which was echoed back from it in many voices, deep and sweetly shrill; for there were above a dozen persons, both men, women, and children.
He gave it to me, and with the necklace I make over to you all the duty of remembering the original giver.
He gave the cap a parting squeeze, in which his hand relaxed; and had barely time to reel to bed, before he sank into a heavy sleep.
He gave this opinion as the result of the conversation to his father; and recommended there being nothing more said to her: no farther attempts to influence or persuade; but that everything should be left to Crawford's assiduities, and the natural workings of her own mind.
He grew to be a man, whose hair was turning grey, and he was sitting in his chair by the fireside, heavy with grief, and with his face bedewed with tears, when the star opened once again.
He grew to be a young man, and was busy at his books when an old servant came to him and said 'Thy mother is no more.
He had a brown leather belt round his waist, and I noticed that its clasp was of damascened steel beautifully wrought.
He had a great attachment to Mansfield himself; he said so; he looked forward with the hope of spending much, very much, of his time there; always there, or in the neighbourhood.
He had a hearty respect for Dick as a lad of parts.
He had a momentary idea of knocking Scrooge down with it, holding him, and calling to the people in the court for help and a strait-waistcoat.
He had a note to deliver from his sister.
He had a pleasing anticipation of what would be.
He had a sharp pang at the mention of the Admiral.
He had a sister, who was a child too, and his constant companion.
He had a wife about fifteen years his junior, but no children; and they entered the neighbourhood with the usual fair report of being very respectable, agreeable people.
He had all the disposition to persevere that Sir Thomas could wish him.
He had already ate, and declined staying for their meal.
He had always something to entreat the explanation of.
He had an extraordinary detailed knowledge of the ancient history of the country-side from the time of Alfred to the days of the Parliamentary Wars, many events of which, as you may know, were enacted round about Wallingford.
He had awakened with a certain blank and childish sense of pleasure, like a man who had received a legacy overnight; but this feeling gradually died away, and was then suddenly and stunningly succeeded by a conviction of the truth.
He had been apt to gain hearts too easily.
He had been considering her as a particularly welcome addition at the Parsonage, as a desirable companion to an aunt who had no children of her own; but he found himself wholly mistaken.
He had been in the Mediterranean; in the West Indies; in the Mediterranean again; had been often taken on shore by the favour of his captain, and in the course of seven years had known every variety of danger which sea and war together could offer.
He had been invited to see her.
He had been much in London, and had more liveliness and gallantry than Edmund, and must, therefore, be preferred; and, indeed, his being the eldest was another strong claim.
He had been quite familiar with one old ghost, in a white waistcoat, with a monstrous iron safe attached to its ankle, who cried piteously at being unable to assist a wretched woman with an infant, whom it saw below, upon a door-step.
He had been sobbing violently in his conflict with the Spirit, and his face was wet with tears.
He had been speaking of her cheerfully from the hour of his coming home.
He had been trying to get Dick towards the door, but the latter stood off.
He had been visiting a friend in the neighbouring county, and that friend having recently had his grounds laid out by an improver, Mr. Rushworth was returned with his head full of the subject, and very eager to be improving his own place in the same way; and though not saying much to the purpose, could talk of nothing else.
He had been waiting in the porch for some time back, and Esther had been listlessly standing by his side.
He had begun at the wrong end.
He had but one opinion.
He had come, intending to spend only a few days with them; but Mansfield promised well, and there was nothing to call him elsewhere.
He had concluded - he had meant them to be far distant.
He had dined at the Parsonage only the preceding day.
He had every well-grounded reason for solid attachment; he knew her to have all the worth that could justify the warmest hopes of lasting happiness with her; her conduct at this very time, by speaking the disinterestedness and delicacy of her character (qualities which he believed most rare indeed), was of a sort to heighten all his wishes, and confirm all his resolutions.
He had expected a very different son-in-law; and beginning to feel grave on Maria's account, tried to understand her feelings.
He had felt her as an hourly evil, which was so much the worse, as there seemed no chance of its ceasing but with life; she seemed a part of himself that must be borne for ever.
He had gone, had done even more good than he had foreseen, had been useful to more than his first plan had comprehended, and was now able to congratulate himself upon it, and to feel that in performing a duty, he had secured agreeable recollections for his own mind.
He had had enough of novelties for one day.
He had intended, about this time, to be going to London; but he could not leave his father and mother just when everybody else of most importance to their comfort was leaving them; and with an effort, felt but not boasted of, he delayed for a week or two longer a journey which he was looking forward to with the hope of its fixing his happiness for ever.
He had introduced himself to some tenants whom he had never seen before; he had begun making acquaintance with cottages whose very existence, though on his own estate, had been hitherto unknown to him.
He had just enough recollection of the face to desire to do that.
He had known many disagreeable fathers before, and often been struck with the inconveniences they occasioned, but never, in the whole course of his life, had he seen one of that class so unintelligibly moral, so infamously tyrannical as Sir Thomas.
He had learned his part - all his parts, for he took every trifling one that could be united with the Butler, and began to be impatient to be acting; and every day thus unemployed was tending to increase his sense of the insignificance of all his parts together, and make him more ready to regret that some other play had not been chosen.
He had lost his love - he had lost his love for good.
He had lost his love, he thought - he had lost his love for good.
He had made a point always of standing well in their esteem: in a business point of view, that is; strictly in a business point of view.
He had meant them to be good, but his cares had been directed to the understanding and manners, not the disposition; and of the necessity of self-denial and humility, he feared they had never heard from any lips that could profit them.
He had never been so kind, so very kind to her in his life.
He had never dreamed that any walk - that anything - could give him so much happiness.
He had never knowingly given her pain, but he now felt that she required more positive kindness; and with that view endeavoured, in the first place, to lessen her fears of them all, and gave her especially a great deal of good advice as to playing with Maria and Julia, and being as merry as possible.
He had no clue to her reflections; but he could not conceal from his own heart that he must have sunk in her esteem, and the spectacle of her infatuation galled him like an insult.
He had no further intercourse with Spirits, but lived upon the Total Abstinence Principle, ever afterwards; and it was always said of him, that he knew how to keep Christmas well, if any man alive possessed the knowledge.
He had no idea of concealment.
He had not given her time to attach herself.
He had not to wait and wish with vacant affections for an object worthy to succeed her in them.
He had often seen it tried.
He had previously made her the happiest of human beings, and now he had insulted - she knew not what to say, how to class, or how to regard it.
He had put out his hand to bar her entrance, and she had submitted without surprise; and though she seemed to listen, she scarcely appeared to comprehend.
He had reached it late the night before, was come for a day or two, was staying at the Crown, had accidentally met with a navy officer or two of his acquaintance since his arrival, but had no object of that kind in coming.
He had received a note from Lady Stornaway to beg him to call; and regarding it as what was meant to be the last, last interview of friendship, and investing her with all the feelings of shame and wretchedness which Crawford's sister ought to have known, he had gone to her in such a state of mind, so softened, so devoted, as made it for a few moments impossible to Fanny's fears that it should be the last.
He had said enough to shake the experience of eighteen.
He had seen Miss Crawford.
He had since heard her express herself differently, with other feelings, more chequered feelings: he had heard her tell Mrs. Grant that she should leave her with regret; that she began to believe neither the friends nor the pleasures she was going to were worth those she left behind; and that though she felt she must go, and knew she should enjoy herself when once away, she was already looking forward to being at Mansfield again.
He had spent more money - no less than three individual fortunes, it was whispered - than any of his associates could ever hope to gain.
He had suffered, and he had learned to think: two advantages that he had never known before; and the self-reproach arising from the deplorable event in Wimpole Street, to which he felt himself accessory by all the dangerous intimacy of his unjustifiable theatre, made an impression on his mind which, at the age of six-and-twenty, with no want of sense or good companions, was durable in its happy effects.
He had suspected his agent of some underhand dealing; of meaning to bias him against the deserving; and he had determined to go himself, and thoroughly investigate the merits of the case.
He had the best right to be the talker; and the delight of his sensations in being again in his own house, in the centre of his family, after such a separation, made him communicative and chatty in a very unusual degree; and he was ready to give every information as to his voyage, and answer every question of his two sons almost before it was put.
He had the offer of Count Cassel and Anhalt, and at first did not know which to chuse, and wanted Miss Bertram to direct him; but upon being made to understand the different style of the characters, and which was which, and recollecting that he had once seen the play in London, and had thought Anhalt a very stupid fellow, he soon decided for the Count.
He had three horses of his own, but not one that would carry a woman.
He had to reinstate himself in all the wonted concerns of his Mansfield life: to see his steward and his bailiff; to examine and compute, and, in the intervals of business, to walk into his stables and his gardens, and nearest plantations; but active and methodical, he had not only done all this before he resumed his seat as master of the house at dinner, he had also set the carpenter to work in pulling down what had been so lately put up in the billiard-room, and given the scene-painter his dismissal long enough to justify the pleasing belief of his being then at least as far off as Northampton.
He had told her the most extraordinary, the most inconceivable, the most unwelcome news; and she could think of nothing else.
He had vanity, which strongly inclined him in the first place to think she did love him, though she might not know it herself; and which, secondly, when constrained at last to admit that she did know her own present feelings, convinced him that he should be able in time to make those feelings what he wished.
He hardly knew whether there were any difference in her spirits or not.
He has a fine dignified manner, which suits the head of such a house, and keeps everybody in their place.
He has been married to her once already, and now I should say it is pretty clear that he will be married to her again.
He has chosen his partner, indeed, with rare felicity.
He has done it already.
He has no faults but what a serious attachment would remove.
He has now and then been a sad flirt, and cared very little for the havoc he might be making in young ladies' affections.
He has observed it even betwee closely related forms (as Matthiola annua and glabra) which many botanist rank only as varieties.
He has paid the legal penalty, and can 'go and sin again' with comfort.
He has the power to render us happy or unhappy; to make our service light or burdensome; a pleasure or a toil.
He has thus boldly made  great beginning, and shows us how classification will in the future b treated.
He hasn't left it to me.
He hastened as he spoke, and I kept up with him, and presently we came to a little avenue of lime-trees which led us straight to the church porch, from whose open door came the sound of cheerful voices and laughter, and varied merriment.
He heard one o'clock strike, then two and then three; after which he fell asleep again.
He hears from closely allied, yet distinc kinds of birds, notes nearly similar, and sees their nests similarl constructed, but not quite alike, with eggs coloured in nearly the sam manner.
He hurried forward in this spirit; his anxiety grew upon him with every step; as he entered the garden a voice fell upon his ear, and he was once more arrested, not this time by doubt, but by indubitable certainty of ill.
He includes monsters and varieties, no from their partial resemblance to the parent-form, but because they ar descended from it.
He infers tha many species have kept true for long periods, whereas a few have becom modified.
He inquired next after her family, especially William: and his kindness altogether was such as made her reproach herself for loving him so little, and thinking his return a misfortune; and when, on having courage to lift her eyes to his face, she saw that he was grown thinner, and had the burnt, fagged, worn look of fatigue and a hot climate, every tender feeling was increased, and she was miserable in considering how much unsuspected vexation was probably ready to burst on him.
He is a most extraordinary young man, and whatever be the event, you must feel that you have created an attachment of no common character; though, young as you are, and little acquainted with the transient, varying, unsteady nature of love, as it generally exists, you cannot be struck as I am with all that is wonderful in a perseverance of this sort against discouragement.
He is a very -  a very pleasing young man himself, and I cannot help being rather concerned at not seeing him again before I go to London, as will now undoubtedly be the case.
He is a weaver from Yorkshire, who has rather overdone himself between his weaving and his mathematics, both indoor work, you see; and being a great friend of mine, he naturally came to me to get him some outdoor work.
He is always giving me something or other.
He is anxious to get you there for my mother's sake.
He is as emphatic in hi conclusion that some hybrids are perfectly fertile - as fertile as the pur parent-species - as are Kolreuter and Gartner that some degree of sterilit between distinct species is a universal law of nature.
He is growing extremely particular in his attentions.
He is here, of course.
He is in my room, and hoping to see you there.
He is just what the head of such a family should be.
He is lively, you are serious; but so much the better: his spirits will support yours.
He is made.
He is not a shining character, but he has a thousand good qualities; and is so disposed to look up to you, that I am quite laughed at about it, for everybody considers it as my doing.
He is not five foot nine.
He is old, Esther, old and broken down.
He is still able to think and act; and I write, by his desire, to propose your returning home.
He is their lawful property; he fairly belongs to them.
He is to have breakfasted and be gone by half-past nine.
He is used to much gayer places than Mansfield.
He is, I regret to say, very far from well; he does not pick up as the doctors had expected; he has a great deal upon his mind, and, to tell you the truth, my girl, if you won't help us, I am afraid I shall lose him.
He joined her within five minutes after Julia's exit; and though she made the best of the story, he was evidently mortified and displeased in no common degree.
He joined it once again, and wondering why and whither he had gone, accompanied it until they reached an iron gate.
He jumped out and I followed him; and of course I was not surprised to see him wait, as if for the inevitable after-piece that follows the doing of a service to a fellow-citizen.
He knelt down in our boat and she in hers, and the usual fumbling took place over hanging the rudder on its hooks; for, as you may imagine, no change had taken place in the arrangement of such an unimportant matter as the rudder of a pleasure-boat.
He knew her to be clever, to have a quick apprehension as well as good sense, and a fondness for reading, which, properly directed, must be an education in itself.
He knew her to be very timid, and exceedingly nervous; and thought it not improbable that her mind might be in such a state as a little time, a little pressing, a little patience, and a little impatience, a judicious mixture of all on the lover's side, might work their usual effect on.
He knew his own mind, but he was not always perfectly assured of knowing Miss Crawford's.
He knew his uncle too well to consult him on any matrimonial scheme.
He knew no more, for the Spirit neither spoke nor moved.
He knew not that he had a pre-engaged heart to attack.
He knew these men, also, perfectly.
He knocked and was admitted.
He knows that human nature needs more lessons than a weekly sermon can convey; and that if he does not live among his parishioners, and prove himself, by constant attention, their well-wisher and friend, he does very little either for their good or his own.
He knows, as well as you do, of what consequence it is.
He leaves Northamptonshire so soon, that even this slight sacrifice cannot be often demanded.
He led her nearer the light and looked at her again -  inquired particularly after her health, and then, correcting himself, observed that he need not inquire, for her appearance spoke sufficiently on that point.
He left the room, and went upstairs into the room above, which was lighted cheerfully, and hung with Christmas.
He likewise often assumes that I attribut nothing to variation, independently of natural selection, whereas in th work just referred to I have collected a greater number of well-establishe cases than can be found in any other work known to me.
He lived in chambers which had once belonged to his deceased partner.
He longed to have been at sea, and seen and done and suffered as much.
He looked a little uncomfortable.
He looked about in that very place for his own image; but another man stood in his accustomed corner, and though the clock pointed to his usual time of day for being there, he saw no likeness of himself among the multitudes that poured in through the Porch.
He looked at the work upon the table, and praised the industry and speed of Mrs. Cratchit and the girls.
He looked hard at me for a second or two, and then burst out laughing very heartily; and I confess that I joined him.
He looked out.
He looked upon her frozen attitude, so discouraging for a lover to behold, and recoiled from the thoughts which it suggested.
He looked very ill; evidently suffering under violent emotions, which he was determined to suppress.
He made as many thoughts as Stuart Mill; but his philosophy concerned flesh and blood, and was experimental as to its method.
He made no attempt to rise when Richard entered, but waved his pipe flightily in the air, and gave a leer of welcome.
He makes me write, but I do not know what else is to be communicated, except this said visit to Portsmouth, and these two said walks, and his introduction to your family, especially to a fair sister of yours, a fine girl of fifteen, who was of the party on the ramparts, taking her first lesson, I presume, in love.
He may ask where are the remains of those infinitely numerou organisms which must have existed long before the Cambrian system wa deposited?  We now know that at least one animal did then exist; but I ca answer this last question only by supposing that where our oceans no extend they have extended for an enormous period, and where our oscillatin continents now stand they have stood since the commencement of the Cambria system; but that, long before that epoch, the world presented a widel different aspect; and that the older continents, formed of formations olde than any known to us, exist now only as remnants in a metamorphose condition, or lie still buried under the ocean.
He may be at an intermediate point or he may be between bodies of atmosphere tending towards opposite directions.
He may be at the very farthest limit of the portion of fluid that is so influenced.
He may do this methodically, or he may do it unconsciously by preservin the individuals most useful or pleasing to him without any intention o altering the breed.
He may have mentioned my name - Naseby.
He may not know exactly from what quarter the wind will come, but no strong wind will come on without warning being given.
He might have made her childhood happier; but it had been an error of judgment only which had given him the appearance of harshness, and deprived him of her early love; and now, on really knowing each other, their mutual attachment became very strong.
He might have softened his father; but all, perhaps all, would think her selfish and ungrateful.
He might talk of necessity, but she knew his independence.
He might then maintain that he had actually proved, in accordance with th common view, that his two varieties were as good and as distinct species a any in the world; but he would be completely mistaken.
He must be  dull man who can examine the exquisite structure of a comb, so beautifull adapted to its end, without enthusiastic admiration.
He must be ashamed and disgusted altogether.
He must content himself with being only generally agreeable, and letting Susan have her share of entertainment, with the indulgence, now and then, of a look or hint for the better-informed and conscious Fanny.
He must have had a steady hand at a trigger who could have got a shot off half so fast.
He must let the fellow see that he understood him.
He must like him less after to-morrow's visit, for we shall be five hours in his company.
He must not head mobs, or set the ton in dress.
He must soon give her up, and cease to have the smallest inclination for the match; and yet, though she had been so much wanting his affection to be cured, this was a sort of cure that would be almost as bad as the complaint; and I believe there is scarcely a young lady in the United Kingdoms who would not rather put up with the misfortune of being sought by a clever, agreeable man, than have him driven away by the vulgarity of her nearest relations.
He need not have adjured me to keep up my spirits, which were as high as possible; though the strangeness and excitement of the happy and quiet life which I saw everywhere around me was, it is true, a little wearing off, yet a deep content, as different as possible from languid acquiescence, was taking its place, and I was, as it were, really new-born.
He nodded to me, and bade me good-morning as if he expected me, so I jumped in without any words, and he paddled away quietly as I peeled for my swim.
He nodded, and brought her head round with a sharp stroke, and in a trice we were at the landing-stage again.
He obeyed.
He occupied a position between a friend and a courier, which made him worse than embarrassing to repay.
He often begins his selection by some half-monstrous form, o at least by some modification prominent enough to catch the eye or to b plainly useful to him.
He only conditioned that the marriage should not take place before his return, which he was again looking eagerly forward to.
He only knew that it was quite correct; that everything had happened so; that there he was, alone again, when all the other boys had gone home for the jolly holidays.
He particularly built upon a very happy summer and autumn there this year; he felt that it would be so: he depended upon it; a summer and autumn infinitely superior to the last.
He passed the door a dozen times, before he had the courage to go up and knock.
He passed, however, for an admirer of her dancing; and Sir Thomas, by no means displeased, prolonged the conversation on dancing in general, and was so well engaged in describing the balls of Antigua, and listening to what his nephew could relate of the different modes of dancing which had fallen within his observation, that he had not heard his carriage announced, and was first called to the knowledge of it by the bustle of Mrs. Norris.
He paused to look round before entering.
He perceived that enough had been said of Everingham, and that it would be as well to talk of something else, and turned to Mansfield.
He placed 100 land shells, belonging to ten species, in a box pierced with holes, and immerse it for a fortnight in the sea.
He pressed for an answer.
He pressed for the strictest forbearance and silence towards their niece; she not only promised, but did observe it.
He pressed her hand, looked at her, and was gone.
He probably avoided being alone with her.
He proceeds at his own risk.
He proved, however, to be too late.
He pulled his sculls through the water, and on we went, turning a sharp angle and going north a little.
He rather derived spirits from it.
He relinquished her hand, still looking at her, and she turned to leave the room.
He resolved to lie awake until the hour was passed; and, considering that he could no more go to sleep than go to heaven, this was, perhaps, the wisest resolution in his power.
He rode straight, hot spur, to Thymebury, where, as was to be expected, he could glean no tidings of the runaways.
He rose: but finding that the Spirit made towards the window, clasped his robe in supplication.
He said nothing in answer, but seemed rather astonished; and as he now lay just stemming the tide, and I had my clothes off, I jumped in without more ado.
He said they were mostly quite small, such as used to be called cottages when there were slaves in the land, but they were pleasant enough and fitting for the wood.
He sat down to the dinner that had been boarding for him by the fire; and when she asked him faintly what news (which was not until after a long silence), he appeared embarrassed how to answer.
He saw Mrs. Rushworth, was received by her with a coldness which ought to have been repulsive, and have established apparent indifference between them for ever; but he was mortified, he could not bear to be thrown off by the woman whose smiles had been so wholly at his command: he must exert himself to subdue so proud a display of resentment; it was anger on Fanny's account; he must get the better of it, and make Mrs. Rushworth Maria Bertram again in her treatment of himself.
He saw about this last so well, that the next afternoon beheld him on his way to visit her.
He saw her lips formed into a no, though the sound was inarticulate, but her face was like scarlet.
He saw how ill he had judged, in expecting to counteract what was wrong in Mrs. Norris by its reverse in himself; clearly saw that he had but increased the evil by teaching them to repress their spirits in his presence so as to make their real disposition unknown to him, and sending them for all their indulgences to a person who had been able to attach them only by the blindness of her affection, and the excess of her praise.
He seemed tickled with him as an elderly fellow about town might be tickled by a pleasant and witty lad; he indicated that he was no precision, but in his wildest times had never been such a blade as he thought Dick.
He seemed to feel exactly as one could wish.
He seems such a nice fellow that I'm sure I don't grudge him a little over-payment.
He sees difficulties nowhere: and his pleasantness and gaiety will be a constant support to you.
He seldom exercises each selected characte in some peculiar and fitting manner; he feeds a long and a short-beake pigeon on the same food; he does not exercise a long-backed or long-legge quadruped in any peculiar manner; he exposes sheep with long and short woo to the same climate; does not allow the most vigorous males to struggle fo the females; he does not rigidly destroy all inferior animals, but protect during each varying season, as far as lies in his power, all hi productions.
He set off accordingly.
He should have worked upon my plans.
He should not have planned such an absence - he should not have left home for a week, when her own departure from Mansfield was so near.
He should not have to think of her as pining in the retirement of Mansfield for him, rejecting Sotherton and London, independence and splendour, for his sake.
He showed us, among other things, an account of a certain village council who were working hard at all this business; and the record of their intense earnestness in getting to the bottom of some matter which in time past would have been thought quite trivial, as, for example, the due proportions of alkali and oil for soap-making for the village wash, or the exact heat of the water into which a leg of mutton should be plunged for boiling - all this joined to the utter absence of anything like party feeling, which even in a village assembly would certainly have made its appearance in an earlier epoch, was very amusing, and at the same time instructive.
He shows tha there are parasitic mites (Acaridae), belonging to distinct sub-familie and families, which are furnished with hair-claspers.
He so near her, and in misery.
He specifies above  dozen characters which may be found varying even on the same branch sometimes according to age or development, sometimes without any assignabl reason.
He specifies the arrangement of the cells in th tissues, and of the leaves on the axis, as cases in which natural selectio could not have acted.
He spoke calmly, however, without austerity, without reproach, and she revived a little.
He staid of course, and Edmund had then ample opportunity for observing how he sped with Fanny, and what degree of immediate encouragement for him might be extracted from her manners; and it was so little, so very, very little -  every chance, every possibility of it, resting upon her embarrassment only; if there was not hope in her confusion, there was hope in nothing else - that he was almost ready to wonder at his friend's perseverance.
He stepped to the door, rejoicing at that moment in having the means of immediate communication, and, opening it, found himself on the stage of a theatre, and opposed to a ranting young man, who appeared likely to knock him down backwards.
He still reasoned with her, but in vain.
He still seemed puzzled, but not at all offended; and he looked at the coins with some curiosity.
He stood still, and asked himself what this circumstance might portend.
He stopped at the outer door to bestow the greetings of the season on the clerk, who, cold as he was, was warmer than Scrooge; for he returned them cordially.
He stopt.
He stopt; and, ungentlemanlike as he looked, Fanny was obliged to introduce him to Mr. Crawford.
He submitted to believe that Tom's illness had influenced her, only reserving for himself this consoling thought, that considering the many counteractions of opposing habits, she had certainly been more attached to him than could have been expected, and for his sake been more near doing right.
He suffered from the sight of his father, nay, even from the neighbourhood of this familiar valley, where every corner had its legend, and he was besieged with memories of childhood.
He suggests that this serves not to for an image, but only to concentrate the luminous rays and render thei perception more easy.
He talked to her more, and, from all that she said, was convinced of her having an affectionate heart, and a strong desire of doing right; and he could perceive her to be farther entitled to attention by great sensibility of her situation, and great timidity.
He talked, therefore, for several minutes without Fanny's daring to interrupt him.
He then conveyed him and his sister into the veriest old well of a shivering best-parlour that ever was seen, where the maps upon the wall, and the celestial and terrestrial globes in the windows, were waxy with cold.
He then fertilised thirteen flowers of the on kind with pollen of the other; but only a single head produced any seed and this one head produced only five grains.
He then made bold to inquire what business brought him there.
He then returned to his former station, and went on as if there had been no such tender interruption.
He then saw Mr. Crawford, and received his account.
He thoroughly knows his own mind, and acts up to his resolutions: an inestimable quality.
He thought her all this.
He thought of his own four children, of his two sons, of cousins in love, etc.; - but no sooner had he deliberately begun to state his objections, than Mrs. Norris interrupted him with a reply to them all, whether stated or not.
He thought of it, felt how easy it would be to do, and longed to do it; but had no more power to withdraw the veil than to dismiss the spectre at his side.
He thought, if this man could be raised up now, what would be his foremost thoughts? Avarice, hard-dealing, griping cares? They have brought him to a rich end, truly He lay, in the dark empty house, with not a man, a woman, or a child, to say that he was kind to me in this or that, and for the memory of one kind word I will be kind to him.
He thus adapts animals and plants for his own benefit or pleasure.
He told Fanny of it.
He told me, coming home, that he hoped the people saw him in the church, because he was a cripple, and it might be pleasant to them to remember upon Christmas Day, who made lame beggars walk, and blind men see.
He told us also that the townspeople who came into the country used to pick up the agricultural arts by carefully watching the way in which the machines worked, gathering an idea of handicraft from machinery; because at that time almost everything in and about the fields was done by elaborate machines used quite unintelligently by the labourers.
He too had a sacrifice to make to Mansfield Park as well as his aunt.
He too had his book, and was seeking Fanny, to ask her to rehearse with him, and help him to prepare for the evening, without knowing Miss Crawford to be in the house; and great was the joy and animation of being thus thrown together, of comparing schemes, and sympathising in praise of Fanny's kind offices.
He too was taking leave.
He took Esther by the hand, looking at her mournfully.
He took care, however, that they should be allowed to go to the shops they came out expressly to visit; and it did not delay them long, for Fanny could so little bear to excite impatience, or be waited for, that before the gentlemen, as they stood at the door, could do more than begin upon the last naval regulations, or settle the number of three-deckers now in commission, their companions were ready to proceed.
He tried ninety-eight seeds, mostly different from mine, but h chose many large fruits, and likewise seeds, from plants which live nea the sea; and this would have favoured both the average length of thei flotation and their resistance to the injurious action of the salt-water.
He tried to console her.
He turned and walked slowly towards the stile; she had told him no hour, and he was determined, whenever she came, that she should find him waiting.
He turned away to recover himself, and when he spoke again, though his voice still faltered, his manner shewed the wish of self-command, and the resolution of avoiding any farther allusion.
He turned it gently, and sidled his face in, round the door.
He ventured to raise his eyes again, and found his supernatural visitor confronting him in an erect attitude, with its chain wound over and about its arm.
He walked with fatigue, he leaned upon the staff; he looked round him with a sad, smiling sympathy on all that he beheld; he even asked the name of a plant, and rallied himself gently for an old town bird, ignorant of nature.
He was a handsome young fellow, with a peculiarly pleasant and friendly look about his eyes, - an expression which was quite new to me then, though I soon became familiar with it.
He was a heavy young man, with not more than common sense; but as there was nothing disagreeable in his figure or address, the young lady was well pleased with her conquest.
He was a man in the prime of life, but looked as happy as a child who has just got a new toy.
He was a type-hunter among mankind.
He was a whist player himself, and perhaps might feel that it would not much amuse him to have her for a partner.
He was about to speak; but with her head turned from him, she resumed.
He was after her immediately.
He was anxious, while vindicating himself, to say nothing unkind of the others: but there was only one amongst them whose conduct he could mention without some necessity of defence or palliation.
He was ashamed to think that for four days together she had not had the power of riding, and very seriously resolved, however unwilling he must be to check a pleasure of Miss Crawford's, that it should never happen again.
He was at home in five minutes.
He was aware of what Edmund must be suffering on his own behalf, in addition to all the rest, when they were in town: he had seen or conjectured his feelings; and, having reason to think that one interview with Miss Crawford had taken place, from which Edmund derived only increased distress, had been as anxious on that account as on others to get him out of town, and had engaged him in taking Fanny home to her aunt, with a view to his relief and benefit, no less than theirs.
He was aware that he must not expect a genius in Mr. Rushworth; but as a well-judging, steady young man, with better notions than his elocution would do justice to, he intended to value him very highly.
He was certainly better pleased to hand her into the barouche than to assist her in ascending the box, and his complacency seemed confirmed by the arrangement.
He was conscious of being exhausted, and overcome by an irresistible drowsiness; and, further, of being in his own bedroom.
He was decidedly improved.
He was deep in thought.
He was delighted with him.
He was determined to prevent it, if possible, though his mother, who equally heard the conversation which passed at table, did not evince the least disapprobation.
He was doing all in his power to quiet everything, with the hope of Mrs. Rushworth's return, but was so much counteracted in Wimpole Street by the influence of Mr. Rushworth's mother, that the worst consequences might be apprehended.
He was dressed in a sort of Norfolk jacket of blue serge worn threadbare, with breeches of the same, and grey worsted stockings.
He was endeavouring to pierce the darkness with his ferret eyes, when the chimes of a neighbouring church struck the four quarters.
He was engaged to dinner already both for that day and the next; he had met with some acquaintance at the Crown who would not be denied; he should have the honour, however, of waiting on them again on the morrow, etc., and so they parted - Fanny in a state of actual felicity from escaping so horrible an evil To have had him join their family dinner-party, and see all their deficiencies, would have been dreadful! Rebecca's cookery and Rebecca's waiting, and Betsey's eating at table without restraint, and pulling everything about as she chose, were what Fanny herself was not yet enough inured to for her often to make a tolerable meal.
He was entangled by his own vanity, with as little excuse of love as possible, and without the smallest inconstancy of mind towards her cousin.
He was evidently oppressed, and Fanny must grieve for him, though hoping she might never see him again till he were the husband of some other woman.
He was full eighteen minutes and a half behind his time.
He was gone - he had touched her hand for the last time, he had made his parting bow, and she might seek directly all that solitude could do for her.
He was gone again; glad to get away even from Fanny.
He was gone as he spoke; and Fanny remained to tranquillise herself as she could.
He was gone before anything had been said to prepare him for the change he must find there; and a pause of alarm followed his disappearance.
He was in distress for something that he had left there, and did not find again.
He was in high spirits, doing everything with happy ease, and preeminent in all the lively turns, quick resources, and playful impudence that could do honour to the game; and the round table was altogether a very comfortable contrast to the steady sobriety and orderly silence of the other.
He was in love, very much in love; and it was a love which, operating on an active, sanguine spirit, of more warmth than delicacy, made her affection appear of greater consequence because it was withheld, and determined him to have the glory, as well as the felicity, of forcing her to love him.
He was just entering into life, full of spirits, and with all the liberal dispositions of an eldest son, who feels born only for expense and enjoyment.
He was no longer in doubt of the capabilities of her heart.
He was not a man to be endured but for his children's sake, and he might be thankful to his fair daughter Julia that Mr. Yates did yet mean to stay a few days longer under his roof.
He was not alone, but sat by the side of a fair young girl in a mourning-dress: in whose eyes there were tears, which sparkled in the light that shone out of the Ghost of Christmas Past.
He was not intending, however, by such action, to be conveying to her that unqualified approbation and encouragement which her hopes drew from it.
He was not near, he was attending a party of ladies out of the room; and Mrs. Grant coming up to the two girls, and taking an arm of each, they followed with the rest.
He was not one of those tough-hided and small-hearted males who would marry their love at the point of the bayonet rather than not marry her at all.
He was not only very ill, but dying, then.
He was not reading now, but walking up and down despairingly.
He was not so well-looking or so strongly made as my sculler friend, being sandy-haired, rather pale, and not stout-built; but his face was not wanting in that happy and friendly expression which I had noticed in his friend.
He was not very solid; but there was a hope of his becoming less trifling, of his being at least tolerably domestic and quiet; and at any rate, there was comfort in finding his estate rather more, and his debts much less, than he had feared, and in being consulted and treated as the friend best worth attending to.
He was now the Mr. Crawford who was addressing herself with ardent, disinterested love; whose feelings were apparently become all that was honourable and upright, whose views of happiness were all fixed on a marriage of attachment; who was pouring out his sense of her merits, describing and describing again his affection, proving as far as words could prove it, and in the language, tone, and spirit of a man of talent too, that he sought her for her gentleness and her goodness; and to complete the whole, he was now the Mr. Crawford who had procured William's promotion Here was a change, and here were claims which could not but operate! She might have disdained him in all the dignity of angry virtue, in the grounds of Sotherton, or the theatre at Mansfield Park; but he approached her now with rights that demanded different treatment.
He was obliged to rub the frost off with the sleeve of his dressing-gown before he could see anything; and could see very little then.
He was obliged to sit close to it, and brood over it, before he could extract the least sensation of warmth from such a handful of fuel.
He was older now; a man in the prime of life.
He was on his stool in a jiffy; driving away with his pen, as if he were trying to overtake nine o'clock.
He was only too good to everybody.
He was posting away as if upon life and death, and could but just spare time to tell us his errand, and where you all were.
He was reconciled to what had happened, and went down again quite happy.
He was released from the engagement to be mortified and unhappy, till some other pretty girl could attract him into matrimony again, and he might set forward on a second, and, it is to be hoped, more prosperous trial of the state: if duped, to be duped at least with good humour and good luck; while she must withdraw with infinitely stronger feelings to a retirement and reproach which could allow no second spring of hope or character.
He was returning to Mansfield with spirits ready to feed on melancholy remembrances, and tender associations, when her own fair self was before him, leaning on her brother's arm, and he found himself receiving a welcome, unquestionably friendly, from the woman whom, two moments before, he had been thinking of as seventy miles off, and as farther, much farther, from him in inclination than any distance could express.
He was right, he was a broken man.
He was roused from the reverie of retrospection and regret produced by it, by some inquiry from Edmund as to his plans for the next day's hunting; and he found it was as well to be a man of fortune at once with horses and grooms at his command.
He was silent for some time, and I would not interrupt him.
He was still ailing, it was said, and the squire nursed him like the proverbial woman.
He was suffering from disappointment and regret, grieving over what was, and wishing for what could never be.
He was the better for ever for his illness.
He was to be a clergyman.
He was to go to town as soon as some business relative to Thornton Lacey were completed -  perhaps within a fortnight; he talked of going, he loved to talk of it; and when once with her again, Fanny could not doubt the rest.
He was very much attached to me, was Dick.
He was very willing to hope that Crawford saw clearer, and this was the most comfortable conclusion for his friend that he could come to from all that he observed to pass before, and at, and after dinner.
He was well looked after; for a little lad of about seven years old had his hand on the rein and was solemnly looking up into his face; on his back, withal, was a girl of fourteen, holding a three-year old sister on before her; while another girl, about a year older than the boy, hung on behind.
He was, in fact, entirely on his father's side of the question.
He was, in fact, the most agreeable young man the sisters had ever known, and they were equally delighted with him.
He was, perhaps, but at treacherous play with her.
He watched her with this idea; but he could hardly tell with what success.
He went for a fortnight - a fortnight of such dullness to the Miss Bertrams as ought to have put them both on their guard, and made even Julia admit, in her jealousy of her sister, the absolute necessity of distrusting his attentions, and wishing him not to return; and a fortnight of sufficient leisure, in the intervals of shooting and sleeping, to have convinced the gentleman that he ought to keep longer away, had he been more in the habit of examining his own motives, and of reflecting to what the indulgence of his idle vanity was tending; but, thoughtless and selfish from prosperity and bad example, he would not look beyond the present moment.
He went further, and declared that whatever his opinion might be as to the doctrines of the Socialists, he for one should throw in his lot with the people, until the Government atoned for their atrocity by showing that they were prepared to listen to the demands of men who knew what they wanted, and whom the decrepitude of society forced into pushing their demands in some way or other.
He went the whole length of the expression, and said that he would see him in that extremity first.
He went to while away the next three hours as he could, with his other acquaintance, till the best dinner that a capital inn afforded was ready for their enjoyment, and she turned in to her more simple one immediately.
He went; but there was no reading, no China, no composure for Fanny.
He wh rejects it, rejects the vera causa of ordinary generation with subsequen migration, and calls in the agency of a miracle.
He who admit the doctrine of the creation of each separate species, will have to admi that a sufficient number of the best adapted plants and animals were no created for oceanic islands; for man has unintentionally stocked them fa more fully and perfectly than did nature.
He who believes in separate and innumerable acts of creation may say, tha in these cases it has pleased the Creator to cause a being of one type t take the place of one belonging to another type; but this seems to me onl restating the fact in dignified language.
He who believes in the struggl for existence and in the principle of natural selection, will acknowledg that every organic being is constantly endeavouring to increase in numbers and that if any one being varies ever so little, either in habits o structure, and thus gains an advantage over some other inhabitant of th same country, it will seize on the place of that inhabitant, howeve different that may be from its own place.
He who believes that each being has been created as we now see it, mus occasionally have felt surprise when he has met with an animal havin habits and structure not in agreement.
He who believes that each equine species was independently created, will,  presume, assert that each species has been created with a tendency to vary both under nature and under domestication, in this particular manner, so a often to become striped like the other species of the genus; and that eac has been created with a strong tendency, when crossed with specie inhabiting distant quarters of the world, to produce hybrids resembling i their stripes, not their own parents, but other species of the genus.
He who believes that some ancient form was transformed suddenly through a internal force or tendency into, for instance, one furnished with wings will be almost compelled to assume, in opposition to all analogy, that man individuals varied simultaneously.
He who can read Sir Charles Lyell's grand work on the Principles o Geology, which the future historian will recognise as having produced  revolution in natural science, and yet does not admit how vast have bee the past periods of time, may at once close this volume.
He who i acquainted with the distribution of existing species over the globe, wil not attempt to account for the close resemblance of distinct species i closely consecutive formations, by the physical conditions of the ancien areas having remained nearly the same.
He who is able t explain why the elephant, and a multitude of other animals, are incapabl of breeding when kept under only partial confinement in their nativ country, will be able to explain the primary cause of hybrids being s generally sterile.
He who rejects this view of the imperfection of the geological record, wil rightly reject the whole theory.
He who wil carefully examine the flowers of orchids for himself will not deny th existence of the above series of gradations - from a mass of pollen-grain merely tied together by threads, with the stigma differing but little fro that of the ordinary flowers, to a highly complex pollinium, admirabl adapted for transportal by insects; nor will he deny that all th gradations in the several species are admirably adapted in relation to th general structure of each flower for its fertilisation by differen insects.
He who wil explain in a definite manner why, for instance, an elephant or a fox wil not breed under confinement in its native country, whilst the domestic pi or dog will breed freely under the most diversified conditions, will at th same time be able to give a definite answer to the question why tw distinct species, when crossed, as well as their hybrid offspring, ar generally rendered more or less sterile, while two domesticated varietie when crossed and their mongrel offspring are perfectly fertile.
He who will explain these latter cases will be able t explain the sterility of hybrids.
He who will go thus far, ought not to hesitate to go one step further, i he finds on finishing this volume that large bodies of facts, otherwis inexplicable, can be explained by the theory of modification throug natural selection; he ought to admit that a structure even as perfect as a eagle's eye might thus be formed, although in this case he does not kno the transitional states.
He who will read my memoir on these plants will, I think, admi that all the many gradations in function and structure between simpl twiners and tendril-bearers are in each case beneficial in a high degree t the species.
He will at the same time be able to explain how it i that the races of some of our domesticated animals, which have often bee subjected to new and not uniform conditions, are quite fertile together although they are descended from distinct species, which would probabl have been sterile if aboriginally crossed.
He will be forced to admit that thes great and sudden transformations have left no trace of their action on th embryo.
He will be no bad assistant when it all comes out.
He will be taken in at last.
He will further be compelled to believ that many structures beautifully adapted to all the other parts of the sam creature and to the surrounding conditions, have been suddenly produced and of such complex and wonderful co-adaptations, he will not be able t assign a shadow of an explanation.
He will have a very pretty income to make ducks and drakes with, and earned without much trouble.
He will make you happy, Fanny; I know he will make you happy; but you will make him everything.
He will marry her, and be poor and miserable.
He will not do by the side of your cousin Edmund.
He will satisfy you.
He will see the Rushworths, which own I am not sorry for - having a little curiosity, and so I think has he - though he will not acknowledge it.
He wished him to be a model of constancy; and fancied the best means of effecting it would be by not trying him too long.
He wondered that Fanny spoke so seldom of her, and had so little voluntarily to say of her concern at this separation.
He would act for her and release her.
He would be at home in September, and where would be the harm of only waiting till September Though Edmund was much more displeased with his aunt than with his mother, as evincing least regard for her niece, he could not help paying more attention to what she said; and at length determined on a method of proceeding which would obviate the risk of his father's thinking he had done too much, and at the same time procure for Fanny the immediate means of exercise, which he could not bear she should be without.
He would enjoy her liveliness and she has talents to value his powers.
He would find that they yielded only about one-fifth of th proper number of seed, and that they behaved in all the other abov specified respects as if they had been two distinct species.
He would have me go ashore, as if to show me something which I had never seen before; and nothing loth I followed him, Ellen by my side, to the well-remembered Dykes, and the long church beyond them, which was still used for various purposes by the good folk of Dorchester: where, by the way, the village guest-house still had the sign of the Fleur-de-luce which it used to bear in the days when hospitality had to be bought and sold.
He would have preferred her to await him in the road while he went on and brought the carriage back, but after so many repulses and rebuffs he lacked courage to offer the suggestion.
He would have sent you a description of everything and everybody.
He would have snapped 'em short off in a minute, like sticks of sealing-wax.
He would have taken no pains to be on terms with Mrs. Rushworth again.
He would marry Miss Crawford.
He would not despair: he would not desist.
He would see you were his own son after all, and had the same thoughts and the same chivalry of spirit.
He would soon be always gone; and she was thankful that she could now sit in the same room with her uncle, hear his voice, receive his questions, and even answer them, without such wretched feelings as she had formerly known.
He would walk round the ramparts, and join them with the carriage.
He wrote in April, and had strong hopes of settling everything to his entire satisfaction, and leaving Antigua before the end of the summer.
He wrote with his own hand his love to his cousin William, and sent him half a guinea under the seal.
He yielded, but it was with agonies which did not admit of speech.
He, complete in his lieutenant's uniform, looking and moving all the taller, firmer, and more graceful for it, and with the happiest smile over his face, walked up directly to Fanny, who, rising from her seat, looked at him for a moment in speechless admiration, and then threw her arms round his neck to sob out her various emotions of pain and pleasure.
He, indeed, I have lately thought, has seen the woman he could love, which, I am convinced, my eldest son has not.
He, on his part, was full of airs and graces and geniality.
He, who had married a daughter to Mr. Rushworth: romantic delicacy was certainly not to be expected from him.
Heaped up on the floor, to form a kind of throne, were turkeys, geese, game, poultry, brawn, great joints of meat, sucking-pigs, long wreaths of sausages, mince-pies, plum-puddings, barrels of oysters, red-hot chestnuts, cherry-cheeked apples, juicy oranges, luscious pears, immense twelfth-cakes, and seething bowls of punch, that made the chamber dim with their delicious steam.
Henc modifications of structure, viewed by systematists as of high value, may b wholly due to the laws of variation and correlation, without being, as fa as we can judge, of the slightest service to the species.
Henc number is of the highest importance for success.
Henc the six new species descended from (I), and the eight descendants from (A) will have to be ranked as very distinct genera, or even as distinc sub-families.
Hence I look at individual differences, though of small interest to th systematist, as of the highest importance for us, as being the first ste towards such slight varieties as are barely thought worth recording i works on natural history.
Hence I was led t dry the stems and branches of ninety-four plants with ripe fruit, and t place them on sea-water.
Hence a swarm o locusts, such as that which visited Madeira, might readily be the means o introducing several kinds of plants into an island lying far from th mainland.
Hence adaptation t any special climate may be looked at as a quality readily grafted on a innate wide flexibility of constitution, common to most animals.
Hence all the intermediate forms between the earlier an later states, that is between the less and more improved states of a th same species, as well as the original parent-species itself, will generall tend to become extinct.
Hence an oceanic island at first sight seems to have been highly favourabl for the production of new species.
Hence during a long-continued course of modification, th slight differences characteristic of varieties of the same species, tend t be augmented into the greater differences characteristic of the species o the same genus.
Hence i the several fishes furnished with electric organs, these cannot b considered as homologous, but only as analogous in function.
Hence if man goes on selecting, and thus augmenting, any peculiarity, h will almost certainly modify unintentionally other parts of the structure owing to the mysterious laws of correlation.
Hence it has been argued that no deductions can be drawn fro domestic races to species in a state of nature.
Hence it is by no means surprising that one specie should retain the same identical form much longer than others; or, i changing, should change in a less degree.
Hence it is evident, that before horizontal motion occurs, an augmentation or diminution of pressure must take place somewhere more or less remote and so it is with the lighter fluid atmosphere, which has centres lines, or areas of depression towards which currents flow.
Hence it is not a little difficult t decide how far even the same terms ought to be employed in describing th eyes of the Cephalopoda and Vertebrata.
Hence it is tha existing species during the early stages of their development so ofte resemble ancient and extinct forms belonging to the same class.
Hence it is the most flourishing, or, as they may b called, the dominant species - those which range widely, are the mos diffused in their own country, and are the most numerous i individuals - which oftenest produce well-marked varieties, or, as  consider them, incipient species.
Hence it might have been expected that in th few species belonging to both families which live on the land, the equall important air-breathing apparatus would have been the same; for why shoul this one apparatus, given for the same purpose, have been made to differ while all the other important organs were closely similar, or rather identical.
Hence it must b assumed, not only that half-civilized man succeeded in thoroughl domesticating several species, but that he intentionally or by chanc picked out extraordinarily abnormal species; and further, that these ver species have since all become extinct or unknown.
Hence it seems that, on the one hand, slight changes in the conditions o life benefit all organic beings, and on the other hand, that sligh crosses, that is, crosses between the males and females of the sam species, which have been subjected to slightly different conditions, o which have slightly varied, give vigour and fertility to the offspring.
Hence it will cause him n surprise that there should be geese and frigate-birds with webbed feet living on the dry land and rarely alighting on the water, that there shoul be long-toed corncrakes, living in meadows instead of in swamps; that ther should be woodpeckers where hardly a tree grows; that there should b diving thrushes and diving Hymenoptera, and petrels with the habits o auks.
Hence natural selection might b effective in giving the proper colour to each kind of grouse, and i keeping that colour, when once acquired, true and constant.
Hence rudimentary organs in the adult are often said to have retained thei embryonic condition.
Hence soon growing tired, they fall to the bottom on one side.
Hence th case appears at first sight exactly the reverse of what occurs, in th ordinary unions of the individuals of the same species and with crosse between distinct species.
Hence th supposed extermination of so many species having similar habits with th rock-pigeon seems a very rash assumption.
Hence the amount o difference is one very important criterion in settling whether two form should be ranked as species or varieties.
Hence the barometer shows, and generally foretells, changes of wind; but as complications always occur, and as changes are of greater or les extent, affecting or extending through a wider or more limited area accompanied by hygrometric and electrical alterations, it is extremely difficult at times to say beforehand what particular change of weather is to be expected, and at what interval of time; although after the event the correspondence of barometric changes with those of the weather can be readily traced.
Hence the chance of discoverin species with transitional grades of structure in a fossil condition wil always be less, from their having existed in lesser numbers, than in th case of species with fully developed structures.
Hence the highest columns are observed with north-east winds in norther latitudes, and with south-east in the southern hemisphere.
Hence the improved and modified descendants of a specie will generally cause the extermination of the parent-species; and if man new forms have been developed from any one species, the nearest allies o that species, i.e.
Hence the inhabitants of one country, generally the smaller one, ofte yield to the inhabitants of another and generally the larger country.
Hence the neutral territory between two representativ species is generally narrow in comparison with the territory proper t each.
Hence the proverbial toleration of artists for their own evil creations.
Hence the reproductive system of this on variety must have been in some manner and in some degree modified.
Hence the same name can be given to the homologous bones in widely different animals.
Hence the saving of wax by largely saving honey, and th time consumed in collecting the honey, must be an important element o success any family of bees.
Hence the supposed aboriginal stocks must either still exist in th countries where they were originally domesticated, and yet be unknown t ornithologists; and this, considering their size, habits and remarkabl characters, seems improbable; or they must have become extinct in the wil state.
Hence there is no great difficult in admitting that in the case of leaf-climbers and tendril-bearers, it i this tendency which has been taken advantage of and increased throug natural selection.
Hence this Colaptes, in all the essential parts of it structure, is a woodpecker.
Hence trees would be littl likely to reach distant oceanic islands; and an herbaceous plant, which ha no chance of successfully competing with the many fully developed tree growing on a continent, might, when established on an island, gain a advantage over other herbaceous plants by growing taller and taller an overtopping them.
Hence very few of the original species will hav transmitted offspring to the fourteen-thousandth generation.
Hence w may confidently assert that all plants and animals are tending to increas at a geometrical ratio - that all would rapidly stock every station in whic they could any how exist, and that this geometrical tendency to increas must be checked by destruction at some period of life.
Hence we can see that when a plant or animal is placed in a new country among new competitors, the conditions of its life will generally be change in an essential manner, although the climate may be exactly the same as i its former home.
Hence we can understand, bearing in mind that eac organic being is trying to live wherever it can live, how it has arise that there are upland geese with webbed feet, ground woodpeckers, divin thrushes, and petrels with the habits of auks.
Hence we may infe as highly probable that, if the whole genus of humble-bees became extinc or very rare in England, the heartsease and red clover would become ver rare, or wholly disappear.
Hence we may safel infer that icebergs formerly landed their rocky burdens on the shores o these mid-ocean islands, and it is at least possible that they may hav brought thither the seeds of northern plants.
Hence we may safely conclude that, if we could slightly modify th instincts already possessed by the Melipona, and in themselves not ver wonderful, this bee would make a structure as wonderfully perfect as tha of the hive-bee.
Hence we ought not to expect at the present time to meet with numerou transitional varieties in each region, though they must have existed there and may be embedded there in a fossil condition.
Hence when in former times an immigrant first settled on one of the islands, o when it subsequently spread from one to another, it would undoubtedly b exposed to different conditions in the different islands, for it would hav to compete with a different set of organisms; a plant, for instance, woul find the ground best-fitted for it occupied by somewhat different specie in the different islands, and would be exposed to the attacks of somewha different enemies.
Hence when we find that hybrids produced by a cross betwee two distinct species are few in number, owing to their perishing soon afte conception or at a very early age, or if surviving that they are rendere more or less sterile, it seems highly probable that this result is due t their having been in fact subjected to a great change in their condition of life, from being compounded of two distinct organisations.
Hence with animals of this nature, fo instance birds, varieties will generally be confined to separate countries; and this I find to be the case.
Hence, I can see no great difficulty in any characte becoming correlated with the sterile condition of certain members of insec communities; the difficulty lies in understanding how such correlate modifications of structure could have been slowly accumulated by natura selection.
Hence, I was led to predict that some slight tendenc to a movement of this kind would be found to be far from uncommon wit plants which did not climb; and that this had afforded the basis fo natural selection to work on and improve.
Hence, I will give the observation which I made in some little detail.
Hence, after long intervals of time, the productions of th world appear to have changed simultaneously.
Hence, also, it has been found that  classification founded on any single character, however important that ma be, has always failed; for no part of the organisation is invariabl constant.
Hence, although under nature i must generally be left doubtful, what cases are reversions to formerl existing characters, and what are new but analogous variations, yet w ought, on our theory, sometimes to find the varying offspring of a specie assuming characters which are already present in other members of the sam group.
Hence, as has often been remarked, a species ma depart from its allies in several characters, both of high physiologica importance, and of almost universal prevalence, and yet leave us in n doubt where it should be ranked.
Hence, as in the case of corporeal structures, w ought to find in nature, not the actual transitional gradations by whic each complex instinct has been acquired - for these could be found only i the lineal ancestors of each species - but we ought to find in th collateral lines of descent some evidence of such gradations; or we ough at least to be able to show that gradations of some kind are possible; an this we certainly can do.
Hence, as more individuals are produced than can possibl survive, there must in every case be a struggle for existence, either on individual with another of the same species, or with the individuals o distinct species, or with the physical conditions of life.
Hence, as the intelligent reader can foresee, this groom has a part to play in the imbroglio.
Hence, each cel consists of an outer spherical portion, and of two, three, or more fla surfaces, according as the cell adjoins two, three or more other cells.
Hence, h considers them as strictly household slaves.
Hence, i certain insectivorous birds were to decrease in Paraguay, the parasiti insects would probably increase; and this would lessen the number of th navel-frequenting flies - then cattle and horses would become feral, an this would certainly greatly alter (as indeed I have observed in parts o South America) the vegetation:  this again would largely affect th insects; and this, as we have just seen in Staffordshire, the insectivorou birds, and so onwards in ever-increasing circles of complexity.
Hence, i is clear that the slaves feel quite at home.
Hence, if any one specie of grass were to go on varying, and the varieties were continually selecte which differed from each other in the same manner, though in a very sligh degree, as do the distinct species and genera of grasses, a greater numbe of individual plants of this species, including its modified descendants would succeed in living on the same piece of ground.
Hence, if we look a each species as descended from some unknown form, both the parent and al the transitional varieties will generally have been exterminated by th very process of the formation and perfection of the new form.
Hence, in accordance with the principles inculcate in this volume, these forms will not have been liable to much modification.
Hence, in all such cases, we should b unable to recognise the parent-form of any two or more species, even if w closely compared the structure of the parent with that of its modifie descendants, unless at the same time we had a nearly perfect chain of th intermediate links.
Hence, in determining whether a form should be ranked as a species or  variety, the opinion of naturalists having sound judgment and wid experience seems the only guide to follow.
Hence, in fact, the la of the Conditions of Existence is the higher law; as it includes, throug the inheritance of former variations and adaptations, that of Unity o Type.
Hence, in order that a new species should suddenl appear in the manner supposed by Mr. Mivart, it is almost necessary t believe, in opposition to all analogy, that several wonderfully change individuals appeared simultaneously within the same district.
Hence, it has come, that when w compare the now living productions of the temperate regions of the New an Old Worlds, we find very few identical species (though Asa Gray has latel shown that more plants are identical than was formerly supposed), but w find in every great class many forms, which some naturalists rank a geographical races, and others as distinct species; and a host of closel allied or representative forms which are ranked by all naturalists a specifically distinct.
Hence, it is probable that in some parts of the world whol formations have been completely denuded, with not a wreck left behind.
Hence, it will perhaps be safest to look at the entire absenc of the anterior tarsi in Ateuchus, and their rudimentary condition in som other genera, not as cases of inherited mutilations, but as due to th effects of long-continued disuse; for as many dung-feeding beetles ar generally found with their tarsi lost, this must happen early in life therefore the tarsi cannot be of much importance or be much used by thes insects.
Hence, it woul continually be more and more advantageous to our humble-bees, if they wer to make their cells more and more regular, nearer together, and aggregate into a mass, like the cells of the Melipona; for in this case a large par of the bounding surface of each cell would serve to bound the adjoinin cells, and much labour and wax would be saved.
Hence, rare species will b less quickly modified or improved within any given period; they wil consequently be beaten in the race for life by the modified and improve descendants of the commoner species.
Hence, supposing the three causes to act together - in extreme cases - the mercury might range from about 31 inches to near 27 inches, which has happened occasionally.
Hence, the more common forms, in the rac for life, will tend to beat and supplant the less common forms, for thes will be more slowly modified and improved.
Hence, the structure of each part of each species, fo whatever purpose it may serve, is the sum of many inherited changes through which the species has passed during its successive adaptations t changed habits and conditions of life.
Hence, the struggle for the productio of new and modified descendants will mainly lie between the larger groups which are all trying to increase in number.
Hence, too, it came about that Dick Naseby, a high-minded creature, and as scrupulous and brave a gentleman as you would want to meet, held in a sort of affection the various human creeping things whom he had met and studied.
Hence, we can understan how it is that these organs graduate in some cases, as I am informed by Mr. Busk, into each other.
Hence, we can understand how it is that the flora o Madeira, according to Oswald Heer, resembles to a certain extent th extinct tertiary flora of Europe.
Hence, we can understand the rule that the mos ancient fossils differ most from existing forms.
Hence, we have only to suppose that such wandering species have bee modified in their new homes in relation to their new position, and we ca understand the presence of endemic bats on oceanic islands, with th absence of all other terrestrial mammals.
Hence, we ma conclude that slight modifications of structure or of instinct, correlate with the sterile condition of certain members of the community, have prove advantageous; consequently the fertile males and females have flourished and transmitted to their fertile offspring a tendency to produce steril members with the same modifications.
Hence, we may conclude that under domestication instincts have bee acquired and natural instincts have been lost, partly by habit and partl by man selecting and accumulating, during successive generations, peculia mental habits and actions, which at first appeared from what we must in ou ignorance call an accident.
Hence, we may conclude that, if insects had not been developed on the fac of the earth, our plants would not have been decked with beautiful flowers but would have produced only such poor flowers as we see on our fir, oak nut and ash trees, on grasses, spinach, docks and nettles, which are al fertilised through the agency of the wind.
Hence, we may look with some confidence t a secure future of great length.
Hence, we may perhaps infer, that during th palaeozoic and secondary periods, neither continents nor continenta islands existed where our oceans now extend; for had they existed palaeozoic and secondary formations would in all probability have bee accumulated from sediment derived from their wear and tear; and would hav been at least partially upheaved by the oscillations of level, which mus have intervened during these enormously long periods.
Hence, we may suppose that th organisms which now live under latitude 60 degrees, lived during th Pliocene period further north, under the Polar Circle, in latitude 66-6 degrees; and that the present arctic productions then lived on the broke land still nearer to the pole.
Hence, we see that certain plants growing on th more lofty mountains of the tropics in all parts of the world, and on th temperate plains of the north and south, are either the same species o varieties of the same species.
Hence, we see why all the species in the same region d at last, if we look to long enough intervals of time, become modified; fo otherwise they would become extinct.
Hence, when a organ, however abnormal it may be, has been transmitted in approximatel the same condition to many modified descendants, as in the case of the win of the bat, it must have existed, according to our theory, for an immens period in nearly the same state; and thus it has come not to be mor variable than any other structure.
Hence, when settled in their ne homes, each kind will have been kept by the others to its proper place an habits, and will consequently have been but little liable to modification.
Hence, when the same specie occurs at the bottom, middle, and top of a formation, the probability i that it has not lived on the same spot during the whole period o deposition, but has disappeared and reappeared, perhaps many times, durin the same geological period.
Hence, when the warmth had fully returned, the same species which had lately lived together on the European and North American lowlands, would again be found in the arctic regions of the Old and Ne Worlds, and on many isolated mountain-summits far distant from each other.
Hence, without rejecting th consideration of the present existence of intermediate gradations betwee any two forms, we shall be led to weigh more carefully and to value highe the actual amount of difference between them.
Henry Crawford came and sat some time with them; and her spirits not being previously in the strongest state, her heart was softened for a while towards him, because he really seemed to feel.
Henry Crawford gone, she could even pity her sister.
Henry Crawford had destroyed her happiness, but he should not know that he had done it; he should not destroy her credit, her appearance, her prosperity, too.
Henry Crawford had too much sense not to feel the worth of good principles in a wife, though he was too little accustomed to serious reflection to know them by their proper name; but when he talked of her having such a steadiness and regularity of conduct, such a high notion of honour, and such an observance of decorum as might warrant any man in the fullest dependence on her faith and integrity, he expressed what was inspired by the knowledge of her being well principled and religious.
Henry Crawford had trifled with her feelings; but she had very long allowed and even sought his attentions, with a jealousy of her sister so reasonable as ought to have been their cure; and now that the conviction of his preference for Maria had been forced on her, she submitted to it without any alarm for Maria's situation, or any endeavour at rational tranquillity for herself.
Henry Crawford was again in the house: he walked up with Dr. Grant, who was anxious to pay his respects to Sir Thomas, and at rather an early hour they were ushered into the breakfast-room, where were most of the family.
Henry Crawford was as much struck with it as any.
Henry Crawford was gone, gone from the house, and within two hours afterwards from the parish; and so ended all the hopes his selfish vanity had raised in Maria and Julia Bertram.
Henry Crawford was in the first glow of another scheme about Thornton Lacey; and not being able to catch Edmund's ear, was detailing it to his fair neighbour with a look of considerable earnestness.
Henry Crawford was ready to take either.
Henry Crawford's chair was the first to be given a direction towards them, and he sat silently observing them for a few minutes; himself, in the meanwhile, observed by Sir Thomas, who was standing in chat with Dr. Grant.
Henry Crawford's retaining her hand at such a moment, a moment of such peculiar proof and importance, was worth ages of doubt and anxiety.
Henry Crawford, ruined by early independence and bad domestic example, indulged in the freaks of a cold-blooded vanity a little too long.
Henry Crawford, who meanwhile had taken up the play, and with seeming carelessness was turning over the first act, soon settled the business.
Henry bowed and thanked her.
Henry could not have afforded her such a house.
Henry is different; he loves to be doing.
Henry was most happy to make it more intelligible, by beginning at an earlier stage, and explaining very particularly what he had done.
Henry, I find, has some idea of going into Norfolk again upon some business that you approve; but this cannot possibly be permitted before the middle of next week; that is, he cannot anyhow be spared till after the 14th, for we have a party that evening.
Henry, who is good-nature itself, has offered to fetch it in his barouche.
Henry, who is in every other respect exactly what a brother should be, who loves me, consults me, confides in me, and will talk to me by the hour together, has never yet turned the page in a letter; and very often it is nothing more than - 'Dear Mary, I am just arrived.
Her acceptance must be as certain as his offer; and yet there were bad feelings still remaining which made the prospect of it most sorrowful to her, independently, she believed, independently of self.
Her account was stated on the wall in the same manner.
Her affections were not acute, nor was her mind tenacious.
Her agitation and alarm exceeded all that was endured by the rest, by the right of a disposition which not even innocence could keep from suffering.
Her astonishment and confusion increased; and though still not knowing how to suppose him serious, she could hardly stand.
Her aunt Bertram had recollected her on this occasion with an unusual degree of wakefulness.
Her aunt did not neglect her: she wrote again and again; they were receiving frequent accounts from Edmund, and these accounts were as regularly transmitted to Fanny, in the same diffuse style, and the same medley of trusts, hopes, and fears, all following and producing each other at haphazard.
Her aunt often expressed a wish for her, but there was no notice, no message from the uncle on whom all depended.
Her aunt was no very methodical narrator, but with the help of some letters to and from Sir Thomas, and what she already knew herself, and could reasonably combine, she was soon able to understand quite as much as she wished of the circumstances attending the story.
Her awe of her uncle, and her dread of taking a liberty with him, made it instantly plain to her what she had to do.
Her beauty and acquirements had held but a second place.
Her behaviour to Mr. Rushworth was careless and cold.
Her brother was not handsome: no, when they first saw him he was absolutely plain, black and plain; but still he was the gentleman, with a pleasing address.
Her brows were slightly bent, her mouth slightly open; her whole attitude so still and settled that Dick could hardly fancy that she breathed.
Her cares are over, and she feels that she may exert all her powers of pleasing without suspicion.
Her cause, meanwhile, went on well.
Her choice is made.
Her comfort in that day's dinner was quite destroyed: she could hardly eat anything; and when Sir Thomas good-humouredly observed that joy had taken away her appetite, she was ready to sink with shame, from the dread of Mr. Crawford's interpretation; for though nothing could have tempted her to turn her eyes to the right hand, where he sat, she felt that his were immediately directed towards her.
Her companions were relieved, but there was no good for her.
Her conscience stopt her in the middle, but Edmund was satisfied.
Her continual disagreements with her mother, her rash squabbles with Tom and Charles, and petulance with Betsey, were at least so distressing to Fanny that, though admitting they were by no means without provocation, she feared the disposition that could push them to such length must be far from amiable, and from affording any repose to herself.
Her correspondence with her aunt Bertram was her only concern of higher interest.
Her cousin Edmund never forgets her.
Her cousins might attack, but could hardly tease her.
Her cousins' former gaiety on the day of a ball was no longer surprising to her; she felt it to be indeed very charming, and was actually practising her steps about the drawing-room as long as she could be safe from the notice of her aunt Norris, who was entirely taken up at first in fresh arranging and injuring the noble fire which the butler had prepared.
Her curiosity was all awake, and she ran through it with an eagerness which was suspended only by intervals of astonishment, that it could be chosen in the present instance, that it could be proposed and accepted in a private theatre! Agatha and Amelia appeared to her in their different ways so totally improper for home representation - the situation of one, and the language of the other, so unfit to be expressed by any woman of modesty, that she could hardly suppose her cousins could be aware of what they were engaging in; and longed to have them roused as soon as possible by the remonstrance which Edmund would certainly make.
Her daughters never had been much to her.
Her days were spent in a kind of slow bustle; all was busy without getting on, always behindhand and lamenting it, without altering her ways; wishing to be an economist, without contrivance or regularity; dissatisfied with her servants, without skill to make them better, and whether helping, or reprimanding, or indulging them, without any power of engaging their respect.
Her dejection had no abatement from anything passing around her; a friend or two of her father's, as always happened if he was not with them, spent the long, long evening there; and from six o'clock till half-past nine, there was little intermission of noise or grog.
Her diffidence, gratitude, and softness made every expression of indifference seem almost an effort of self-denial; seem, at least, to be giving nearly as much pain to herself as to him.
Her disappointment in her mother was greater: there she had hoped much, and found almost nothing.
Her displeasure, her penetration, and her happiness were all fearful to encounter; and the dependence of having others present when they met was Fanny's only support in looking forward to it.
Her disposition was naturally easy and indolent, like Lady Bertram's; and a situation of similar affluence and do-nothingness would have been much more suited to her capacity than the exertions and self-denials of the one which her imprudent marriage had placed her in.
Her disposition was peculiarly calculated to value a fond treatment, and from having hitherto known so little of it, she was the more overcome by Miss Crawford's.
Her eager defence of her brother, her hope of its being hushed up, her evident agitation, were all of a piece with something very bad; and if there was a woman of character in existence, who could treat as a trifle this sin of the first magnitude, who would try to gloss it over, and desire to have it unpunished, she could believe Miss Crawford to be the woman! Now she could see her own mistake as to who were gone, or said to be gone.
Her elder cousins mortified her by reflections on her size, and abashed her by noticing her shyness: Miss Lee wondered at her ignorance, and the maid-servants sneered at her clothes; and when to these sorrows was added the idea of the brothers and sisters among whom she had always been important as playfellow, instructress, and nurse, the despondence that sunk her little heart was severe.
Her eldest was a boy of ten years old, a fine spirited fellow, who longed to be out in the world; but what could she do? Was there any chance of his being hereafter useful to Sir Thomas in the concerns of his West Indian property? No situation would be beneath him; or what did Sir Thomas think of Woolwich? or how could a boy be sent out to the East The letter was not unproductive.
Her enjoyment, however, was for herself alone.
Her exultation and pleasure were so keen and exquisite, and her beauty, so delicate, yet so interfused with energy, expressed it so fully, that any added word would have been commonplace and futile.
Her eye fell everywhere on lawns and plantations of the freshest green; and the trees, though not fully clothed, were in that delightful state when farther beauty is known to be at hand, and when, while much is actually given to the sight, more yet remains for the imagination.
Her eyes brightened at the sight of Edmund.
Her eyes should be darker, but she has a sweet smile; but as for this wonderful degree of improvement, I am sure it may all be resolved into a better style of dress, and your having nobody else to look at; and therefore, if you do set about a flirtation with her, you never will persuade me that it is in compliment to her beauty, or that it proceeds from anything but your own idleness and folly.
Her eyes were so bright that you were never sure if there were tears in them or not; little voluptuous shivers ran about her body; sometimes she nestled her chin into her throat, sometimes threw back her head, with ecstasy; in a word, she was in that state when it is said of people that they cannot contain themselves for happiness.
Her face startled him; it was a face he wanted; and he took it in at once like breathing air.
Her father asked him to do them the honour of taking his mutton with them, and Fanny had time for only one thrill of horror, before he declared himself prevented by a prior engagement.
Her father's house would, in all probability, teach her the value of a good income; and he trusted that she would be the wiser and happier woman, all her life, for the experiment he had devised.
Her features are not tragic features, and she walks too quick, and speaks too quick, and would not keep her countenance.
Her feelings for one and the other were soon a little tranquillised by seeing the party in the meadow disperse, and Miss Crawford still on horseback, but attended by Edmund on foot, pass through a gate into the lane, and so into the park, and make towards the spot where she stood.
Her feelings have been steadily against it from first to last.
Her feelings ought to be respected.
Her feelings were all in revolt.
Her feelings were very acute, and too little understood to be properly attended to.
Her feelings, probably, were not acute; he had never supposed them to be so; but her comforts might not be less on that account; and if she could dispense with seeing her husband a leading, shining character, there would certainly be everything else in her favour.
Her figure is as neat as her brother's.
Her friends leading her astray for years! She is quite as likely to have led them astray.
Her going roused the rest; and at the same moment the two brothers stepped forward, feeling the necessity of doing something.
Her greatest support and glory was in having formed the connexion with the Rushworths.
Her greatest wonder on the subject soon became - not that Susan should have been provoked into disrespect and impatience against her better knowledge -  but that so much better knowledge, so many good notions should have been hers at all; and that, brought up in the midst of negligence and error, she should have formed such proper opinions of what ought to be; she, who had had no cousin Edmund to direct her thoughts or fix her principles.
Her habits of ready submission, on the contrary, made her almost instantly rise and lead the way out of the room.
Her happiness on this occasion was very much a la mortal, finely chequered.
Her heart and her judgment were equally against Edmund's decision: she could not acquit his unsteadiness, and his happiness under it made her wretched.
Her heart and her time were already quite full; she had neither leisure nor affection to bestow on Fanny.
Her heart is made for love and kindness, not for resentment.
Her heart was almost broke by such a picture of what she appeared to him; by such accusations, so heavy, so multiplied, so rising in dreadful gradation! Self-willed, obstinate, selfish, and ungrateful.
Her heart was completely sad at parting.
Her heart was sore and angry, and she was capable only of angry consolations.
Her ideas are not higher than her own fortune may warrant, but they are beyond what our incomes united could authorise.
Her ill opinion of him was founded chiefly on observations, which, for her cousins' sake, she could scarcely dare mention to their father.
Her influence over him had already given him some influence over her.
Her influence, or at least the consciousness and use of it, originated in an act of kindness by Susan, which, after many hesitations of delicacy, she at last worked herself up to.
Her judgment may be quite as safely trusted.
Her looks say, 'I will not like you, I am determined not to like you'; and I say she shall.
Her manner was incurably gentle; and she was not aware how much it concealed the sternness of her purpose.
Her merit in being gifted by Nature with strength and courage was fully appreciated by the Miss Bertrams; her delight in riding was like their own; her early excellence in it was like their own, and they had great pleasure in praising it.
Her mind had been never farther from peace.
Her mind was all disorder.
Her mind was entirely self-engrossed.
Her mind was in too much confusion.
Her mind was quite determined, and varied not.
Her mind, disposition, opinions, and habits wanted no half-concealment, no self-deception on the present, no reliance on future improvement.
Her more fearless disposition and happier nerves made everything easy to her there.
Her mother, however, could not stay long enough to suspect anything.
Her next proposition, of shewing the house to such of them as had not been there before, was more acceptable, for Miss Bertram was pleased to have its size displayed, and all were glad to be doing something.
Her niece thought it perfectly reasonable.
Her only friend was absent.
Her only resource was to get out of the subject as fast as possible, and turn the current of Sir Thomas's ideas into a happier channel.
Her opinion was sought as to the probable continuance of the open weather, but her answers were as short and indifferent as civility allowed.
Her own gentle voice speaking from the other end of the room, which was a very long one, told them that she was on the sofa.
Her own thoughts and reflections were habitually her best companions; and, in observing the appearance of the country, the bearings of the roads, the difference of soil, the state of the harvest, the cottages, the cattle, the children, she found entertainment that could only have been heightened by having Edmund to speak to of what she felt.
Her plants, her books -  of which she had been a collector from the first hour of her commanding a shilling - her writing-desk, and her works of charity and ingenuity, were all within her reach; or if indisposed for employment, if nothing but musing would do, she could scarcely see an object in that room which had not an interesting remembrance connected with it.
Her pleasant manners and cheerful conformity made her always valuable amongst them; but now she was absolutely necessary.
Her poor mother now did not look so very unworthy of being Lady Bertram's sister as she was but too apt to look.
Her praise had been given in her attention; that must content them.
Her praise was warm, and he received it as she could wish, joining in it as far as discretion, and politeness, and slowness of speech would allow, and certainly appearing to greater advantage on the subject than his lady did soon afterwards, when Mary, perceiving her on a sofa very near, turned round before she began to dance, to compliment her on Miss Price's looks.
Her prejudices, I trust, are not so strong as they were.
Her reception of him was of a sort which he could not have hoped for, had he expected to see her.
Her representation of her cousin's state at this time was exactly according to her own belief of it, and such as she supposed would convey to the sanguine mind of her correspondent the hope of everything she was wishing for.
Her secret was still her own; and while that was the case, she thought she could resign herself to almost everything.
Her sensations were indefinable, and so were they a few minutes afterwards upon hearing Henry Crawford, who had a chair between herself and Tom, ask the latter in an undervoice whether there were any plans for resuming the play after the present happy interruption (with a courteous glance at Sir Thomas), because, in that case, he should make a point of returning to Mansfield at any time required by the party: he was going away immediately, being to meet his uncle at Bath without delay; but if there were any prospect of a renewal of Lovers' Vows, he should hold himself positively engaged, he should break through every other claim, he should absolutely condition with his uncle for attending them whenever he might be wanted.
Her sentiments towards him were compounded of all that was respectful, grateful, confiding, and tender.
Her son answered cheerfully, telling her that everything was always for the best; and making light of his own inconvenience in being obliged to hurry away so soon.
Her spirits sank under the glow of theirs, and she felt herself becoming too nearly nothing to both to have any comfort in having been sought by either.
Her spirits were low.
Her store-room, she thought, might have been good enough for Mrs. Grant to go into.
Her story began; and Fanny immediately slipped out of the room; for to hear herself the subject of any discussion with her uncle was more than her nerves could bear.
Her strong black brows spoke of temper easily aroused and hard to quiet; her mouth was small, nervous and weak; there was something dangerous and sulky underlying, in her nature, much that was honest, compassionate, and even noble.
Her talents will be wanted in Amelia.
Her temper he had good reason to depend on and to praise.
Her temper was naturally the easiest of the two; her feelings, though quick, were more controllable, and education had not given her so very hurtful a degree of self-consequence.
Her temper was open.
Her thoughts were all secret; her heart was locked and bolted; and he stood without, vainly wooing her with his eves.
Her tone of calm languor, for she never took the trouble of raising her voice, was always heard and attended to; and Sir Thomas came back.
Her two absent cousins, especially Maria, were much in her thoughts on seeing him; but no embarrassing remembrance affected his spirits.
Her uncle and both her aunts were in the drawing-room when Fanny went down.
Her uncle's behaviour to her was then as nearly as possible what it had been before; she was sure he did not mean there should be any change, and that it was only her own conscience that could fancy any; but her aunt was soon quarrelling with her; and when she found how much and how unpleasantly her having only walked out without her aunt's knowledge could be dwelt on, she felt all the reason she had to bless the kindness which saved her from the same spirit of reproach, exerted on a more momentous subject.
Her uncle's displeasure was terrible to her; but what could her justification or her gratitude and attachment do for him? His stay must be on Edmund alone.
Her uncle's kind expressions, however, and forbearing manner, were sensibly felt; and when she considered how much of the truth was unknown to him, she believed she had no right to wonder at the line of conduct he pursued.
Her vexation did not end with the week.
Her visits there, beginning by chance, were continued by solicitation.
Her voice was calm, her enunciation a little slow, but perfectly distinct, and she stood before him as she spoke, in the simplest and most maidenly attitude.
Here Fanny interposed, however, with anxious protestations of her own equal ignorance; she had never played the game nor seen it played in her life; and Lady Bertram felt a moment's indecision again; but upon everybody's assuring her that nothing could be so easy, that it was the easiest game on the cards, and Henry Crawford's stepping forward with a most earnest request to be allowed to sit between her ladyship and Miss Price, and teach them both, it was so settled; and Sir Thomas, Mrs. Norris, and Dr. and Mrs. Grant being seated at the table of prime intellectual state and dignity, the remaining six, under Miss Crawford's direction, were arranged round the other.
Here Fanny, who had looked up, looked down again.
Here I could enjoy everything without an afterthought of the injustice and miserable toil which made my leisure; the ignorance and dulness of life which went to make my keen appreciation of history; the tyranny and the struggle full of fear and mishap which went to make my romance.
Here I will make only a few remarks, just to recall to the reader's min some of the chief points.
Here almost every produc of the land and of the water bears the unmistakable stamp of the America continent.
Here also a few people were sauntering or sitting reading on the benches.
Here are no aisles, no arches, no inscriptions, no banners.
Here are the letters which announce it, this moment come to hand.
Here begins the village.
Here everybody was noisy, every voice was loud (excepting, perhaps, her mother's, which resembled the soft monotony of Lady Bertram's, only worn into fretfulness).
Here had been grievous mismanagement; but, bad as it was, he gradually grew to feel that it had not been the most direful mistake in his plan of education.
Here he was again on the same ground where all had passed before, and apparently as willing to stay and be happy without the Miss Bertrams, as if he had never known Mansfield in any other state.
Here he was at least, and had been any time these past ten years, a sort of dismal parasite upon the foreigner in Paris.
Here is a better and real illustration: According to M. Verlot, some varieties of the double annual stock, fro having been long and carefully selected to the right degree, always produc a large proportion of seedlings bearing double and quite sterile flowers but they likewise yield some single and fertile plants.
Here is a better case:  the leg of a woodcock was sent to me by  friend, with a little cake of dry earth attached to the shank, weighin only nine grains; and this contained a seed of the toad-rush (Juncu bufonius) which germinated and flowered.
Here is a young man of sense, of character, of temper, of manners, and of fortune, exceedingly attached to you, and seeking your hand in the most handsome and disinterested way; and let me tell you, Fanny, that you may live eighteen years longer in the world without being addressed by a man of half Mr. Crawford's estate, or a tenth part of his merits.
Here is a young man wishing to pay his addresses to you, with everything to recommend him: not merely situation in life, fortune, and character, but with more than common agreeableness, with address and conversation pleasing to everybody.
Here is some great misapprehension which must be rectified.
Here natural selection has probabl come into play, as well as in adapting the general shape of the body o these fishes, and many other peculiarities, to their habits of life.
Here ther are extensive heaths, with a few clumps of old Scotch firs on the distan hill-tops:  within the last ten years large spaces have been enclosed, an self-sown firs are now springing up in multitudes, so close together tha all cannot live.
Here there are too many whom you can hide behind; but with her you will be forced to speak for yourself.
Here w see how potent has been the effect of the introduction of a single tree nothing whatever else having been done, with the exception of the lan having been enclosed, so that cattle could not enter.
Here was again a something of the same Mr. Crawford whom she had so reprobated before.
Here was again a want of delicacy and regard for others which had formerly so struck and disgusted her.
Here was another strange revolution of mind! She was really glad to receive the letter when it did come.
Here was comfort indeed! and quite as soon as Sir Thomas could place dependence on such sources of good, Edmund was contributing to his father's ease by improvement in the only point in which he had given him pain before -  improvement in his spirits.
Here was disappointment! Mrs. Grant's non-attendance was sad indeed.
Here was the ghost of London still asserting itself as a centre, - an intellectual centre, for aught I knew.
Here we encounter a formidable objection; for it seem doubtful whether the earth, in a fit state for the habitation of livin creatures, has lasted long enough.
Here we see that cattle absolutely determine the existence of the Scotc fir; but in several parts of the world insects determine the existence o cattle.
Here we were, just in this part of the room: here was your cousin, here was I, here were the chairs.
Here you shall stay in the meantime! and - well, and do something practical - advertise for a situation as private secretary - and when you have it, go and welcome.
Here, I know, I am of none, and yet I love the place so well.
Here, as on other occasions, I lie under a heavy disadvantage, for, out o the many striking cases which I have collected, I can give only one or tw instances of transitional habits and structures in allied species; and o diversified habits, either constant or occasional, in the same species.
Here, its power was only a glare: a stifling, sickly glare, serving but to bring forward stains and dirt that might otherwise have slept.
Here, take my horse.
Here, the flickering of the blaze showed preparations for a cosy dinner, with hot plates baking through and through before the fire, and deep red curtains, ready to be drawn to shut out cold and darkness.
Here, then, we see in man's productions the action o what may be called the principle of divergence, causing differences, a first barely appreciable, steadily to increase, and the breeds to diverg in character, both from each other and from their common parent.
Here, then; the wretched man whose name he had now to learn, lay underneath the ground.
Here, too, her present removal promised advantage.
Hereafter we shall be compelled to acknowledge that the only distinctio between species and well-marked varieties is, that the latter are known, o believed to be connected at the present day by intermediate gradations whereas species were formerly thus connected.
Herons an other birds, century after century, have gone on daily devouring fish; the then take flight and go to other waters, or are blown across the sea; an we have seen that seeds retain their power of germination, when rejecte many hours afterwards in pellets or in the excrement.
Hers are not faults of temper.
Hesitation is sometimes felt by young seamen, at first using the vernier of a barometer, for want of some such familiar explanation as the following.
High upper clouds crossing the sun, moon, or stars, in a direction different from that of the lower clouds, or wind then blowing, foretell a change of wind (beyond tropical latitudes).
Hilair apparently entertains no doubt, that the more an organ normally differs i the different species of the same group, the more subject it is t anomalies in the individuals.
Hilaire gives the following cases:  the genu Zanthoxylon belongs to a division of the Rutaceae with a single ovary, bu in some species flowers may be found on the same plant, and even in th same panicle, with either one or two ovaries.
Hilaire ha proved this in regard to size, and so it is with colour, and probably wit the length of hair.
Hilaire has forcibly remarked that certain malconformations frequently, an that others rarely, coexist without our being able to assign any reason.
Hilaire has strongly insisted on the high importance o relative position or connexion in homologous parts; they may differ t almost any extent in form and size, and yet remain connected together i the same invariable order.
Hilaire's great work on thi subject.
Hilaire, both wit varieties and species, that when any part or organ is repeated many time in the same individual (as the vertebrae in snakes, and the stamens i polyandrous flowers) the number is variable; whereas the number of the sam part or organ, when it occurs in lesser numbers, is constant.
His absence had been extended beyond a fortnight purposely to avoid Miss Crawford.
His absence was unnecessarily long.
His acting had first taught Fanny what pleasure a play might give, and his reading brought all his acting before her again; nay, perhaps with greater enjoyment, for it came unexpectedly, and with no such drawback as she had been used to suffer in seeing him on the stage with Miss Bertram.
His active little crutch was heard upon the floor, and back came Tiny Tim before another word was spoken, escorted by his brother and sister to his stool before the fire; and while Bob, turning up his cuffs - as if, poor fellow, they were capable of being made more shabby - compounded some hot mixture in a jug with gin and lemons, and stirred it round and round and put it on the hob to simmer; Master Peter, and the two ubiquitous young Cratchits went to fetch the goose, with which they soon returned in high procession.
His affection had already done something.
His attentions were always -  what I did not like.
His aunt worried him by her cares, and Sir Thomas knew not how to bring down his conversation or his voice to the level of irritation and feebleness.
His avoiding her was quite at an end.
His being only a bystander was not disclaimed.
His body was transparent; so that Scrooge, observing him, and looking through his waistcoat, could see the two buttons on his coat behind.
His business in Antigua had latterly been prosperously rapid, and he came directly from Liverpool, having had an opportunity of making his passage thither in a private vessel, instead of waiting for the packet; and all the little particulars of his proceedings and events, his arrivals and departures, were most promptly delivered, as he sat by Lady Bertram and looked with heartfelt satisfaction on the faces around him - interrupting himself more than once, however, to remark on his good fortune in finding them all at home - coming unexpectedly as he did -  all collected together exactly as he could have wished, but dared not depend on.
His business was so nearly concluded as to justify him in proposing to take his passage in the September packet, and he consequently looked forward with the hope of being with his beloved family again early in November.
His celebrated passages are quoted by everybody; they are in half the books we open, and we all talk Shakespeare, use his similes, and describe with his descriptions; but this is totally distinct from giving his sense as you gave it.
His charitable kindness had been rearing a prime comfort for himself.
His cheerfulness will counteract this.
His chief arguments have now been considered, and the others will hereafte be considered.
His clothing was a mixture of dirt and rags long over-familiar to me.
His colour changed though, when, without a pause, it came on through the heavy door, and passed into the room before his eyes.
His coming might have nothing to do with her, but she must avoid seeing him if possible; and being then on her way upstairs, she resolved there to remain, during the whole of his visit, unless actually sent for; and as Mrs. Norris was still in the house, there seemed little danger of her being wanted.
His conviction of her regard for him was sometimes very strong; he could look back on a long course of encouragement, and she was as perfect in disinterested attachment as in everything else.
His curate does all the work, and the business of his own life is to dine.
His daughters, he felt, while they retained the name of Bertram, must be giving it new grace, and in quitting it, he trusted, would extend its respectable alliances; and the character of Edmund, his strong good sense and uprightness of mind, bid most fairly for utility, honour, and happiness to himself and all his connexions.
His displeasure against herself she trusted, reasoning differently from Mrs. Norris, would now be done away.
His dress also was of the same cut as the first man's, though somewhat gayer, the surcoat being light green with a golden spray embroidered on the breast, and his belt being of filagree silver-work.
His dress was not like any modern work-a-day clothes I had seen, but would have served very well as a costume for a picture of fourteenth century life: it was of dark blue cloth, simple enough, but of fine web, and without a stain on it.
His duties would be established, but the wife who was to share, and animate, and reward those duties, might yet be unattainable.
His eldest son was careless and extravagant, and had already given him much uneasiness; but his other children promised him nothing but good.
His errand you may probably conjecture.
His face had not the harsh and rigid lines of later years; but it had begun to wear the signs of care and avarice.
His face was rugged, and grimed rather than dirty; his eyes dull and bleared; his body bent, his calves thin and spindly, his feet dragging and limping.
His fate was not that of the voyager by sea and land; he was to travel in the spirit, and begin his journey sooner than he supposed.
His father had never conferred a favour or shewn a kindness more to his satisfaction.
His father had played the fool; he had gone out noisily to war, and come back with confusion.
His father was no society for him; he must go fuddling with a Dutchman, Nance, and now he's caught.
His father's looks of solemnity and amazement on this his first appearance on any stage, and the gradual metamorphosis of the impassioned Baron Wildenheim into the well-bred and easy Mr. Yates, making his bow and apology to Sir Thomas Bertram, was such an exhibition, such a piece of true acting, as he would not have lost upon any account.
His former self turned down the lamps as he gave utterance to the wish; and Scrooge and the Ghost again stood side by side in the open air.
His friend Mr. Owen had sisters; he might find them attractive.
His genera tendency will be to make many species, for he will become impressed, jus like the pigeon or poultry fancier before alluded to, with the amount o difference in the forms which he is continually studying; and he has littl general knowledge of analogical variation in other groups and in othe countries by which to correct his first impressions.
His good and her bad feelings yielded to love, and such love must unite them.
His great object was to be off as soon as possible.
His happiness in knowing himself to have been so long the beloved of such a heart, must have been great enough to warrant any strength of language in which he could clothe it to her or to himself; it must have been a delightful happiness.
His hat was off, before he opened the door; his comforter too.
His having been in the same neighbourhood Fanny already knew.
His heart and soul were in the scene, and with his former self.
His heart was warmed, his fancy fired, and he felt the highest respect for a lad who, before he was twenty, had gone through such bodily hardships and given such proofs of mind.
His hopes from both gentleman and lady suffered a small depression in consequence; but when he looked at his niece, and saw the state of feature and complexion which her crying had brought her into, he thought there might be as much lost as gained by an immediate interview.
His horse was not hurried on the way home, and he was late for breakfast.
His hypothesis may be called The Room Theory.
His kindness to his little cousin was consistent with his situation and rights: he made her some very pretty presents, and laughed at her.
His lair was in the Grand Hotel and the gaudiest cafes.
His last journey to London had been undertaken with no other view than that of introducing her brother in Hill Street, and prevailing on the Admiral to exert whatever interest he might have for getting him on.
His last thought on leaving home was for her.
His letters expressed how much he deplored it.
His liberality had a rich repayment, and the general goodness of his intentions by her deserved it.
His manner seemed changed, his voice was quick from the agitation of joy; and all that had been awful in his dignity seemed lost in tenderness.
His manners now, though not polished, were more than passable: they were grateful, animated, manly; his expressions were those of an attached father, and a sensible man; his loud tones did very well in the open air, and there was not a single oath to be heard.
His mind was fagged, and her happiness sprung from being the friend with whom it could find repose.
His mind, now disengaged from the cares which had pressed on him at first, was at leisure to find the Grants and their young inmates really worth visiting; and though infinitely above scheming or contriving for any the most advantageous matrimonial establishment that could be among the apparent possibilities of any one most dear to him, and disdaining even as a littleness the being quick-sighted on such points, he could not avoid perceiving, in a grand and careless way, that Mr. Crawford was somewhat distinguishing his niece -  nor perhaps refrain (though unconsciously) from giving a more willing assent to invitations on that account.
His nephew left the room without an angry word, notwithstanding.
His nephew's introduction to Admiral Crawford might be of service.
His niece looked just the same.
His niece was deep in thought likewise, trying to harden and prepare herself against farther questioning.
His niece, meanwhile, did not thank him for what he had just done.
His objections, the scruples of his integrity, seemed all done away, nobody could tell how; and the doubts and hesitations of her ambition were equally got over - and equally without apparent reason.
His opinion of her had been sinking from the day of his return from Antigua: in every transaction together from that period, in their daily intercourse, in business, or in chat, she had been regularly losing ground in his esteem, and convincing him that either time had done her much disservice, or that he had considerably over-rated her sense, and wonderfully borne with her manners before.
His own forgetfulness of her was worse than anything which they had done.
His own heart laughed: and that was quite enough for him.
His partner lies upon the point of death, I hear; and there he sat alone.
His presence was beginning to be odious to her; and if Maria gained him not, she was now cool enough to dispense with any other revenge.
His present state Fanny could hardly bear to think of.
His punishment followed his conduct, as did a deeper punishment the deeper guilt of his wife.
His recitals were amusing in themselves to Sir Thomas, but the chief object in seeking them was to understand the reciter, to know the young man by his histories; and he listened to his clear, simple, spirited details with full satisfaction, seeing in them the proof of good principles, professional knowledge, energy, courage, and cheerfulness, everything that could deserve or promise well.
His scheme was to rent the house himself the following winter, that he might have a home of his own in that neighbourhood; and it was not merely for the use of it in the hunting-season (as he was then telling her), though that consideration had certainly some weight, feeling as he did that, in spite of all Dr. Grant's very great kindness, it was impossible for him and his horses to be accommodated where they now were without material inconvenience; but his attachment to that neighbourhood did not depend upon one amusement or one season of the year: he had set his heart upon having a something there that he could come to at any time, a little homestall at his command, where all the holidays of his year might be spent, and he might find himself continuing, improving, and perfecting that friendship and intimacy with the Mansfield Park family which was increasing in value to him every day.
His sense of decorum is strict.
His sister's angel lingered near the entrance of the star, and said to the leader among those who had brought the people thither 'Is my brother come? And he said 'No.
His sister, moreover, is your intimate friend, and he has been doing that for your brother, which I should suppose would have been almost sufficient recommendation to you, had there been no other.
His sisters, to whom he had an opportunity of speaking the next morning, were quite as impatient of his advice, quite as unyielding to his representation, quite as determined in the cause of pleasure, as Tom.
His situation was new and animating.
His stay became indefinite.
His still refusing to tell her what he had gone for was but the promotion of gaiety; a day before it might have irritated, but now it was a pleasant joke -  suspected only of concealing something planned as a pleasant surprise to herself.
His sturdy spirit to bend as it did! Oh! it was sweet beyond expression.
His surprise was not so great as his father's at her refusing Crawford, because, so far from supposing her to consider him with anything like a preference, he had always believed it to be rather the reverse, and could imagine her to be taken perfectly unprepared, but Sir Thomas could not regard the connexion as more desirable than he did.
His tea was ready for him on the hob, and they all tried who should help him to it most.
His terms are five guineas a day.
His thoughts and beauties are so spread abroad that one touches them everywhere; one is intimate with him by instinct.
His unsettled affections, wavering with his vanity, Maria's decided attachment, and no sufficient principle on either side, gave it possibility: Miss Crawford's letter stampt it a fact.
His warm regard, his kind expressions, his confidential treatment, touched her strongly.
His words died away on his tongue.
His worst enemy must admit him to be a man without malice; he never bore a grudge in his life, lacking the necessary taste and industry of attention.
His, therefore, must be worn; and having, with delightful feelings, joined the chain and the cross - those memorials of the two most beloved of her heart, those dearest tokens so formed for each other by everything real and imaginary - and put them round her neck, and seen and felt how full of William and Edmund they were, she was able, without an effort, to resolve on wearing Miss Crawford's necklace too.
Hist.
Ho strange it is that a bird, under the form of a woodpecker, should prey o insects on the ground; that upland geese, which rarely or never swim, woul possess webbed feet; that a thrush-like bird should dive and feed o sub-aquatic insects; and that a petrel should have the habits and structur fitting it for the life of an auk! and so in endless other cases.
Holding up his hands in a last prayer to have his fate aye reversed, he saw an alteration in the Phantom's hood and dress.
Holla, you there! Sam, stop your confounded pipe, or I shall be after you.
Holly, mistletoe, red berries, ivy, turkeys, geese, game, poultry, brawn, meat, pigs, sausages, oysters, pies, puddings, fruit, and punch, all vanished instantly.
Home, for ever and ever.
Homologous parts tend to vary in the same manner, and homologou parts tend to cohere.
Homologous parts, as has been remarked by some authors, tend to cohere this is often seen in monstrous plants:  and nothing is more common tha the union of homologous parts in normal structures, as in the union of th petals into a tube.
Homoplastic structures are th same with those which I have classed, though in a very imperfect manner, a analogous modifications or resemblances.
Honesty, in the something between, in the middle state of worldly circumstances, is all that I am anxious for your not looking down on.
Horticulturists raise large beds of the same hybrid, and suc alone are fairly treated, for by insect agency the several individuals ar allowed to cross freely with each other, and the injurious influence o close interbreeding is thus prevented.
Hot blood will err sometimes.
Houses were allowed to fall into decay and actual ruin; trees were cut down for the sake of the few shillings which the poor sticks would fetch; the building became inexpressibly mean and hideous.
How Fanny listened, with what curiosity and concern, what pain and what delight, how the agitation of his voice was watched, and how carefully her own eyes were fixed on any object but himself, may be imagined.
How I got out of the Square I scarcely know: I went, not feeling the ground under me, what with rage and terror and despair.
How Miss Crawford really felt, how she meant to act, or might act without or against her meaning; whether his importance to her were quite what it had been before the last separation; whether, if lessened, it were likely to lessen more, or to recover itself, were subjects for endless conjecture, and to be thought of on that day and many days to come, without producing any conclusion.
How a man who had once loved, could desert you! But yours - your regard was new compared with -  - Fanny, think of me! The first division of their journey occupied a long day, and brought them, almost knocked up, to Oxford; but the second was over at a much earlier hour.
How a nerve comes to be sensitiv to light, hardly concerns us more than how life itself originated; but  may remark that, as some of the lowest organisms in which nerves cannot b detected, are capable of perceiving light, it does not seem impossible tha certain sensitive elements in their sarcode should become aggregated an developed into nerves, endowed with this special sensibility.
How am I ever to look him in the face and say such things? Could you do it? But then he is your cousin, which makes all the difference.
How could Mr. Crawford say such a thing? I gave him no encouragement yesterday.
How could it be otherwise, with such an education and adviser? Under the disadvantages, indeed, which both have had, is it not wonderful that they should be what they are? Crawford's feelings, I am ready to acknowledge, have hitherto been too much his guides.
How could it be otherwise? Scrooge and he were partners for I don't know how many years.
How could it possibly be but that maternity should be highly honoured amongst us? Surely it is a matter of course that the natural and necessary pains which the mother must go through form a bond of union between man and woman, an extra stimulus to love and affection between them, and that this is universally recognised.
How could she have excited serious attachment in a man who had seen so many, and been admired by so many, and flirted with so many, infinitely her superiors; who seemed so little open to serious impressions, even where pains had been taken to please him; who thought so slightly, so carelessly, so unfeelingly on all such points; who was everything to everybody, and seemed to find no one essential to him? And farther, how could it be supposed that his sister, with all her high and worldly notions of matrimony, would be forwarding anything of a serious nature in such a quarter? Nothing could be more unnatural in either.
How differently constructed is the feathered wing of  bird and the membrane-covered wing of a bat; and still more so the fou wings of a butterfly, the two wings of a fly, and the two wings with th elytra of a beetle.
How evidently was there a gross want of feeling and humanity where his own pleasure was concerned; and alas! how always known no principle to supply as a duty what the heart was deficient in! Had her own affections been as free as perhaps they ought to have been, he never could have engaged them.
How fa these experiments may be trusted, I know not; but the forms experimented o are ranked by Sagaret, who mainly founds his classification by the test o infertility, as varieties, and Naudin has come to the same conclusion.
How frequently we hear of on species of rat taking the place of another species under the most differen climates!  In Russia the small Asiatic cockroach has everywhere drive before it its great congener.
How hav all those exquisite adaptations of one part of the organisation to anothe part, and to the conditions of life and of one organic being to anothe being, been perfected?  We see these beautiful co-adaptations most plainl in the woodpecker and the mistletoe; and only a little less plainly in th humblest parasite which clings to the hairs of a quadruped or feathers of  bird; in the structure of the beetle which dives through the water; in th plumed seed which is wafted by the gentlest breeze; in short, we se beautiful adaptations everywhere and in every part of the organic world.
How he would plume his feathers over virtues which would have gladdened the heart of Caesar or St.
How her heart swelled with joy and gratitude as she passed the barriers of Portsmouth, and how Susan's face wore its broadest smiles, may be easily conceived.
How impatient, how anxious, how wild I have been on the subject, I will not attempt to describe; how severely mortified, how cruelly disappointed, in not having it finished while I was in London! I was kept there from day to day in the hope of it, for nothing less dear to me than such an object would have detained me half the time from Mansfield.
How inexplicable are the cases of serial homologies on the ordinary view o creation!  Why should the brain be enclosed in a box composed of suc numerous and such extraordinarily shaped pieces of bone apparentl representing vertebrae?  As Owen has remarked, the benefit derived from th yielding of the separate pieces in the act of parturition by mammals, wil by no means explain the same construction in the skulls of birds an reptiles.
How inexplicable o the theory of creation is the occasional appearance of stripes on th shoulders and legs of the several species of the horse-genus and of thei hybrids!  How simply is this fact explained if we believe that thes species are all descended from a striped progenitor, in the same manner a the several domestic breeds of the pigeon are descended from the blue an barred rock-pigeon On the ordinary view of each species having been independently created, wh should specific characters, or those by which the species of the same genu differ from each other, be more variable than the generic characters i which they all agree?  Why, for instance, should the colour of a flower b more likely to vary in any one species of a genus, if the other specie possess differently coloured flowers, than if all possessed the sam coloured flowers?  If species are only well-marked varieties, of which th characters have become in a high degree permanent, we can understand thi fact; for they have already varied since they branched off from a commo progenitor in certain characters, by which they have come to b specifically distinct from each other; therefore these same character would be more likely again to vary than the generic characters which hav been inherited without change for an immense period.
How is the consternation of the party to be described? To the greater number it was a moment of absolute horror.
How it comes that certain colours, sounds and form should give pleasure to man and the lower animals, that is, how the sens of beauty in its simplest form was first acquired, we do not know any mor than how certain odours and flavours were first rendered agreeable.
How low in th scale of nature the law of battle descends I know not; male alligators hav been described as fighting, bellowing, and whirling round, like Indians i a war-dance, for the possession of the females; male salmons have bee observed fighting all day long; male stag-beetles sometimes bear wound from the huge mandibles of other males; the males of certain hymenopterou insects have been frequently seen by that inimitable observer M. Fabre fighting for a particular female who sits by, an apparently unconcerne beholder of the struggle, and then retires with the conqueror.
How many a time have we mourned over the dead body of Julius Caesar, and to be'd and not to be'd, in this very room, for his amusement? And I am sure, my name was Norval, every evening of my life through one Christmas holidays.
How many a time have we talked over her little errors! You need not fear me; I have almost given up every serious idea of her; but I must be a blockhead indeed, if, whatever befell me, I could think of your kindness and sympathy without the sincerest gratitude.
How many animals there are which will no breed, though kept in an almost free state in their native country!  Thi is generally, but erroneously attributed to vitiated instincts.
How many o the birds and insects in North America and Europe, which differ ver slightly from each other, have been ranked by one eminent naturalist a undoubted species, and by another as varieties, or, as they are ofte called, geographical races!  Mr. Wallace, in several valuable papers on th various animals, especially on the Lepidoptera, inhabiting the islands o the great Malayan Archipelago, shows that they may be classed under fou heads, namely, as variable forms, as local forms, as geographical races o sub-species, and as true representative species.
How much of the acclimatisation of species to any peculiar climate is du to mere habit, and how much to the natural selection of varieties havin different innate constitutions, and how much to both means combined, is a obscure question.
How much time she might, in her own fancy, allot for its dominion, is another concern.
How much to attribute in each particular case to th effects of use, and how much to natural selection, it seems impossible t decide.
How much weight to attribute to these severa considerations I will not pretend to say; but conjointly they must limit i each country the tendency to an indefinite augmentation of specific forms.
How often and how keenly I have thought of this, I will not say.
How often had that marred the loveliness of the June day to me; how often had I longed to see the hay-fields peopled with men and women worthy of the sweet abundance of midsummer, of its endless wealth of beautiful sights, and delicious sounds and scents.
How rarely, on the other hand, do our civilised dogs even when quite young, require to be taught not to attack poultry, sheep and pigs!  No doubt they occasionally do make an attack, and are the beaten; and if not cured, they are destroyed; so that habit and some degre of selection have probably concurred in civilising by inheritance our dogs.
How right and comfortable it will all be! By the time Mrs. Price's answer arrived, there remained but a very few days more to be spent at Mansfield; and for part of one of those days the young travellers were in a good deal of alarm on the subject of their journey, for when the mode of it came to be talked of, and Mrs. Norris found that all her anxiety to save her brother-in-law's money was vain, and that in spite of her wishes and hints for a less expensive conveyance of Fanny, they were to travel post; when she saw Sir Thomas actually give William notes for the purpose, she was struck with the idea of there being room for a third in the carriage, and suddenly seized with a strong inclination to go with them, to go and see her poor dear sister Price.
How she had looked before, Fanny could not recollect, for she had been dancing with Edmund herself, and had not thought about her.
How strange are these facts!  How strange that th pollen and stigmatic surface of the same flower, though placed so clos together, as if for the very purpose of self-fertilisation, should be in s many cases mutually useless to each other!  How simply are these fact explained on the view of an occasional cross with a distinct individua being advantageous or indispensable If several varieties of the cabbage, radish, onion, and of some othe plants, be allowed to seed near each other, a large majority of th seedlings thus raised turn out, as I found, mongrels:  for instance,  raised 233 seedling cabbages from some plants of different varietie growing near each other, and of these only 78 were true to their kind, an some even of these were not perfectly true.
How strange! that I who had seen the very last remnant of the pleasantness of the meadows by the Lea destroyed, should have heard them spoken of with pleasantness come back to them in full measure.
How strongly these domestic instincts, habits, and dispositions ar inherited, and how curiously they become mingled, is well shown whe different breeds of dogs are crossed.
How th sense of beauty in its simplest form - that is, the reception of a peculia kind of pleasure from certain colours, forms and sounds - was firs developed in the mind of man and of the lower animals, is a very obscur subject.
How the comparative hardness or softness of clouds foretells more or less wind or rain, was stated in pages 13 and 14.
How the worker have been rendered sterile is a difficulty; but not much greater than tha of any other striking modification of structure; for it can be shown tha some insects and other articulate animals in a state of nature occasionall become sterile; and if such insects had been social, and it had bee profitable to the community that a number should have been annually bor capable of work, but incapable of procreation, I can see no especia difficulty in this having been effected through natural selection.
How they might be benefited, how they must rejoice in such an establishment for you, is nothing to you.
How to reverse this process, how to take the sting out of heredity, has for long been one of the most constant cares of the thoughtful men amongst us.
How unconsciously many habitual actions ar performed, indeed not rarely in direct opposition to our conscious will yet they may be modified by the will or reason.
How unlucky that you are not ordained; Mr. Rushworth and Maria are quite ready.
How very, very kind of him.
How will the struggle for existence, briefly discussed in the last chapter act in regard to variation?  Can the principle of selection, which we hav seen is so potent in the hands of man, apply under nature?  I think w shall see that it can act most efficiently.
How would Mr. Crawford like, in what manner would he chuse, to take a survey of the grounds? Mr. Rushworth mentioned his curricle.
How, it may be asked, in the foregoing and in innumerable other instances can we understand the graduated scale of complexity and the multifariou means for gaining the same end.
How, then, can we explain these several facts in embryology - namely, th very general, though not universal, difference in structure between th embryo and the adult; the various parts in the same individual embryo which ultimately become very unlike, and serve for diverse purposes, bein at an early period of growth alike; the common, but not invariable resemblance between the embryos or larvae of the most distinct species in the same class; the embryo often retaining, while within the egg or womb structures which are of no service to it, either at that or at a late period of life; on the other hand, larvae which have to provide for thei own wants, being perfectly adapted to the surrounding conditions; an lastly, the fact of certain larvae standing higher in the scale o organisation than the mature animal into which they are developed?   believe that all these facts can be explained as follows.
How, then, comes it that such a vast number of the seedlings ar mongrelized?  It must arise from the pollen of a distinct VARIETY having  prepotent effect over the flower's own pollen; and that this is part of th general law of good being derived from the intercrossing of distinc individuals of the same species.
How, then, does the lesser difference between varietie become augmented into the greater difference between species?  That thi does habitually happen, we must infer from most of the innumerable specie throughout nature presenting well-marked differences; whereas varieties the supposed prototypes and parents of future well-marked species, presen slight and ill-defined differences.
How, then, was I to be -  to be in love with him the moment he said he was with me? How was I to have an attachment at his service, as soon as it was asked for? His sisters should consider me as well as him.
However it went further than this minimum and maximum business, which by the by we can now see was necessary.
However that might be, she was unmanageable.
However, I am to have my harp fetched to-morrow.
However, I am wandering from my lambs; but you must excuse me, for I am interested in this matter of writing, being myself a fair-writer.
However, I daresay we shall have a pretty good gathering at our mid-day meal.
However, I didn't get as far as Biffin's, or even turn to my left thitherward, because just then I began to see that there was a landing-stage right before me in front of my house: in fact, on the place where my next-door neighbour had rigged one up, though somehow it didn't look like that either.
However, I don't think it matters much, so long as a man is healthy and happy while he is alive.
However, I need not say much about all this, as you are going up the river with Dick, and will find out for yourself by experience how these matters are managed.
However, I remember other cases of this stupidity: when I was on the Rhine two years ago, I remember they showed us ruins of old castles, which, according to what we heard, must have been made for pretty much the same purpose as the railways were.
However, I said nothing, except that I asked him to drive very slowly, as the things in the booths looked exceedingly pretty.
However, I'm happy to say that all that is gone by now; the disease is either extinct, or exists in such a mild form that a short course of aperient medicine carries it off.
However, all this I took in in a minute; for we were presently within doors, and standing in a hall with a floor of marble mosaic and an open timber roof.
However, even the most reactionary of the capitalist papers, with two exceptions, stunned by the tremendous news, simply gave an account of what had taken place, without making any comment upon it.
However, his offences carry their own punishment, and I have nothing to say against him.
However, it was troublesome, I suppose, and the simple hatches, and the gates, with a big counterpoising beam, were found to answer every purpose, and were easily mended when wanted with material always to hand: so here they are, as you see.
However, notwithstanding occasional perplexity the general character of weather during the next few days may be predicted by an observer who understands the nature and use of this instrument and the thermometer, and has watched them in the few immediately preceding days.
However, of course the time when you were here before must have been so near our own days that the deterioration might not be very great: as then we were, of course, still living under the same customs as we are now.
However, our week's haymaking will do all that for you.
However, that mattered little to us; the nights were light, for the moon was shining in her third quarter, and it was all one to Dick whether he sculled or sat quiet in the boat: so we went away a great pace.
However, the more I thought of it, the plainer it grew to me that no amount of examination of witnesses, who had witnessed nothing but the ill-blood between the two rivals, would have done anything to clear up the case.
However, there was still the Thames sparkling under the sun, and near high water, as last night I had seen it gleaming under the moon.
However, they called a meeting in Trafalgar Square for the day fortnight of the last-mentioned skirmish.
However, this crowding, if it may be called so, does not go further than a street called Aldgate, a name which perhaps you may have heard of.
However, this road is not of the same importance, now that the ancient city is gone, walls and all.
However, we have advised him to go away - in fact, to cross the seas; but he is in such a state that I do not think he can go unless someone takes him, and I think it will fall to my lot to do so; which is scarcely a cheerful outlook for me.
However, you will have dinner enough on it for ten, I dare say.
Huber then introduced a single slave (F. fusca), an she instantly set to work, fed and saved the survivors; made some cells an tended the larvae, and put all to rights.
Huber's statement, that the very first cell is excavated out of a littl parallel-sided wall of wax, is not, as far as I have seen, strictl correct; the first commencement having always been a little hood of wax but I will not here enter on details.
Humble bees alone visit red clover, as other bees cannot reach th nectar.
Humbug, I tell you! humbug! At this the spirit raised a frightful cry, and shook its chain with such a dismal and appalling noise, that Scrooge held on tight to his chair, to save himself from falling in a swoon.
Hybrid plants produced from a reciprocal cross generally resemble eac other closely, and so it is with mongrel plants from a reciprocal cross.
Hybrids are seldom raised b experimentalists in great numbers; and as the parent-species, or othe allied hybrids, generally grow in the same garden, the visits of insect must be carefully prevented during the flowering season:  hence hybrids, i left to themselves, will generally be fertilised during each generation b pollen from the same flower; and this would probably be injurious to thei fertility, already lessened by their hybrid origin.
Hybrids, however, are differently circumstanced before and afte birth:  when born and living in a country where their two parents live they are generally placed under suitable conditions of life.
Hybrids, on the other hand, have their reproductive organs functionall impotent, as may be clearly seen in the state of the male element in bot plants and animals; though the formative organs themselves are perfect i structure, as far as the microscope reveals.
Hydrometers are tested by careful immersion in pure distilled water; of which the specific gravity is taken as unity.
I South America, a similar relationship is manifest, even to an uneducate eye, in the gigantic pieces of armour, like those of the armadillo, foun in several parts of La Plata; and Professor Owen has shown in the mos striking manner that most of the fossil mammals, buried there in suc numbers, are related to South American types.
I admire your little establishment exceedingly; and as soon as I am gone, you will empty your head of all this nonsense of acting, and sit comfortably down to your table.
I advise you to go out: the air will do you good; go out for an hour on the gravel; you will have the shrubbery to yourself, and will be the better for air and exercise.
I all cases of beings, far removed from each other in the scale o organisation, which are furnished with similar and peculiar organs, it wil be found that although the general appearance and function of the organ may be the same, yet fundamental differences between them can always b detected.
I all cases there are two factors, the nature of the organism, which is muc the most important of the two, and the nature of the conditions.
I all such cases one of the two organs might readily be modified an perfected so as to perform all the work, being aided during the progress o modification by the other organ; and then this other organ might b modified for some other and quite distinct purpose, or be wholl obliterated.
I allude to the neuters or sterile females in insect communities: for these neuters often differ widely in instinct and in structure fro both the males and fertile females, and yet, from being sterile, the cannot propagate their kind.
I allude to the wonderfu manner in which certain butterflies imitate, as first described by Mr. Bates, other and quite distinct species.
I also crossed a barb with a spot, which is a white bird with  red tail and red spot on the forehead, and which notoriously breeds ver true; the mongrels were dusky and mottled.
I am a man of the world, Dick; and she can have no claim on you - no claim, I tell you; and we'll be handsome too, Dick - we'll give them a good round figure, father and daughter, and there's an end.
I am a man of the world, and I see through you and your manoeuvres.
I am a very matter-of-fact, plain-spoken being, and may blunder on the borders of a repartee for half an hour together without striking it out.
I am afraid they may feel themselves neglected.
I am also pretty sure, as I hinted to you just now, that there is not by a great way as much suffering involved in these matters either to men or to women as there used to be.
I am an advocate for early marriages, where there are means in proportion, and would have every young man, with a sufficient income, settle as soon after four-and-twenty as he can.
I am as giddy as a drunken man.
I am as matchmaking as a dowager.
I am ashamed to say that it had never entered my head, but I was delighted to act on his proposal for both your sakes.
I am at a loss to figure to myself, however dimly, how any man - I have not said any gentleman - could so brazenly insult another as you have been insulting me since you entered this house.
I am at your service and Henry's, at an hour's notice.
I am aware o several causes of error, but I hope that I have made due allowances fo them.
I am aware that Colonel Hamilton Smith, who has written on this subject believes that the several breeds of the horse are descended from severa aboriginal species, one of which, the dun, was striped; and that th above-described appearances are all due to ancient crosses with the du stock.
I am aware that there are some apparen exceptions to this rule, but the exceptions are surprisingly few, so fe that E. Forbes, Pictet, and Woodward (though all strongly opposed to suc views as I maintain) admit its truth; and the rule strictly accords wit the theory.
I am aware that there has been sometimes, in some points, a misplaced distinction; but I think too well of you, Fanny, to suppose you will ever harbour resentment on that account.
I am aware that two palaeontologists, whose opinions are worth of much deference, namely Bronn and Woodward, have concluded that th average duration of each formation is twice or thrice as long as th average duration of specific forms.
I am aware that you may be left here week after week, if Sir Thomas cannot settle everything for coming himself, or sending your aunt's maid for you, without involving the slightest alteration of the arrangements which he may have laid down for the next quarter of a year.
I am aware, more aware than Crawford can be, that the man who means to make you love him (you having due notice of his intentions) must have very uphill work, for there are all your early attachments and habits in battle array; and before he can get your heart for his own use he has to unfasten it from all the holds upon things animate and inanimate, which so many years' growth have confirmed, and which are considerably tightened for the moment by the very idea of separation.
I am convinced tha Forbes's view may be largely extended.
I am convinced that nearly all our ancient formations, which are throughou the greater part of their thickness RICH IN FOSSILS, have thus been forme during subsidence.
I am convinced that she is not without a decided preference.
I am convinced that the mos experienced naturalist would be surprised at the number of the cases o variability, even in important parts of structure, which he could collec on good authority, as I have collected, during a course of years.
I am dealing now with a conspiracy - I stigmatise it as such, and I will expose it and crush it.
I am far from meaning that this is invariabl the case, and I could give several exceptional cases of variations (takin the word in the largest sense) which have supervened at an earlier age i the child than in the parent.
I am far from supposing that all the difficulties in regard to th distribution and affinities of the identical and allied species, which no live so widely separated in the north and south, and sometimes on th intermediate mountain ranges, are removed on the views above given.
I am fully convinced that species are no immutable; but that those belonging to what are called the same genera ar lineal descendants of some other and generally extinct species, in the sam manner as the acknowledged varieties of any one species are the descendant of that species.
I am fully persuaded that this doubl parallelism is by no means an accident or an illusion.
I am glad of it.
I am glad the church is not so close to the great house as often happens in old places.
I am glad to find that so high an authority a Professor Flower has come to this same conclusion.
I am glad to hear Bertram will be so well off.
I am glad you saw it all as I did.
I am going to live entirely with my aunt Norris.
I am half inclined to think, Fanny, that you do not quite know your own feelings.
I am in pleasant spirits; and it is then that I desire a friend.
I am inclined to envy Mr. Rushworth for having so much happiness yet before him.
I am inclined to suspect that w see, at least in some of these polymorphic genera, variations which are o no service or disservice to the species, and which consequently have no been seized on and rendered definite by natural selection, as hereafter t be explained.
I am indebted to Mr. Rowley, of the United States, fo having called my attention, through Mr. Brace, to the above passage of Dr. Wells' work.
I am looking for Henry every day, and as soon as he comes there will be nothing to detain me at Mansfield.
I am more and more satisfied with all that I see and hear of him.
I am most happy that you like the chain, and that it should be here in time for to-morrow; but your thanks are far beyond the occasion.
I am myself convinced that it is rather a favourable circumstance.
I am never to see my cards; and Mr. Crawford does all the rest.
I am not born to sit still and do nothing.
I am not comfortable enough to be fit for anybody; but your aunt seems to feel out of luck that such an article of Mansfield news should fall to my pen instead of hers.
I am not comfortable without it.
I am not competent.
I am not like some daughters; I will not be jealous of your art, and I will try to understand it.
I am not obliged to punish myself for her sins.
I am not one of those that spare their own trouble; and Nanny shall fetch her, however it may put me to inconvenience to have my chief counsellor away for three days.
I am not satisfied about Maddison.
I am not so fond of acting as I was at first.
I am not speaking like a man, but I speak the truth; and I tell you again, the thing's absurd, and wrong, and hurtful.
I am of a cautious temper, and unwilling to risk my happiness in a hurry.
I am of some use, I hope, in preventing waste and making the most of things.
I am one of the exceptions, and being one, must do something for myself.
I am only vexed for a moment.
I am perfectly persuaded that the tempers had better be unlike: I mean unlike in the flow of the spirits, in the manners, in the inclination for much or little company, in the propensity to talk or to be silent, to be grave or to be gay.
I am plain in my tastes.
I am quite in the dark.
I am really concerned at what has happened; I sympathise and approve of your emotion, young gentleman; but the attack on Mr. Dalton was gross, very gross, and I had no choice but to offer him my columns to reply.
I am returned to Mansfield in a less assured state that when I left it.
I am shocked whenever I think that Maria could be capable of it; but, if she could undertake the part, we must not be surprised at the rest.
I am so glad your eldest cousin is gone, that he may be Mr. Bertram again.
I am sorry for them all, and would give something that Rushworth and Maria had never met.
I am strengthened i this conviction by a remarkable statement repeatedly made by Gartner namely, that if even the less fertile hybrids be artificially fertilise with hybrid pollen of the same kind, their fertility, notwithstanding th frequent ill effects from manipulation, sometimes decidedly increases, an goes on increasing.
I am sure I almost broke my back by cutting it out.
I am sure I do.
I am sure I have heard nothing of the times worsening.
I am sure I said as much as that and more; and I should have said still more, if I had been quite certain of his meaning anything seriously; but I did not like to be, I could not bear to be, imputing more than might be intended.
I am sure I should have been ashamed of myself, if I had not known better long before I was so old as she is.
I am sure I told her to bring some coals half an hour ago.
I am sure Julia does not, or she would not have flirted as she did last night with Mr. Yates; and though he and Maria are very good friends, I think she likes Sotherton too well to be inconstant.
I am sure Miss Bertram is very much attached to Mr. Rushworth.
I am sure William would never have used me so, under any circumstances.
I am sure he encouraged it in us as boys.
I am sure he has been very ill.
I am sure he loses pleasanter companions than he can find in his own thoughts, either in his mouldy old office, or his dusty chambers.
I am sure he still means to impose on me if possible, and get a cousin of his own into a certain mill, which I design for somebody else.
I am sure his sisters, rating him as they do, must have thought it so, supposing he had meant nothing.
I am sure in his heart he could not wish me to do it.
I am sure it will be all hushed up, and nothing proved but Rushworth's folly.
I am sure of an excellent tenant at half a word.
I am sure she would argue so.
I am sure you will not disappoint my opinion of you, by failing at any time to treat your aunt Norris with the respect and attention that are due to her.
I am surprised that no one has advanced thi demonstrative case of neuter insects, against the well-known doctrine o inherited habit, as advanced by Lamarck.
I am to leave Mansfield Park, and go to the White House, I suppose, as soon as she is removed there.
I am totally unequal to it.
I am unwilling to fancy myself neglected for a young one.
I am very glad I sent Chapman to you.
I am well aware that nothing else will quiet Tom.
I am young Mr. Naseby of Naseby House.
I am yours so wholly that no words can make me more so; and, besides, you know it, and the words are needless.
I appears that I formerly underrated the frequency and value of these latte forms of variation, as leading to permanent modifications of structur independently of natural selection.
I apprehend he will not have less than seven hundred a year.
I ascertained this by fertilising severa flowers, first illegitimately, and twenty-four hours afterward legitimately, with pollen taken from a peculiarly coloured variety, and al the seedlings were similarly coloured; this shows that the legitimat pollen, though applied twenty-four hours subsequently, had wholly destroye or prevented the action of the previously applied illegitimate pollen.
I ask no questions.
I asked a few random questions of Ellen as we sat there, but scarcely listened to her answers, and presently became silent, and then scarce conscious of anything, but that I was there in that old room, the doves crooning from the roofs of the barn and dovecot beyond the window opposite to me.
I assigned reasons why such links do no commonly occur at the present day under the circumstances apparently mos favourable for their presence, namely, on an extensive and continuous are with graduated physical conditions.
I assure you he is very detestable; the Admiral's lessons have quite spoiled him.
I attempted also to show that there is a steady tendency in the forms whic are increasing in number and diverging in character, to supplant an exterminate the preceding, less divergent and less improved forms.
I bear you no malice for it, Dick; you were right; I am a humbug.
I beautiful objects had been created solely for man's gratification, it ough to be shown that before man appeared there was less beauty on the face o the earth than since he came on the stage.
I beg your pardon, but I cannot quite believe you.
I begin to think it most improbable: the chances grow less and less; and even if it should, there will be nothing to be remembered by either you or me that we need be afraid of, for I can never be ashamed of my own scruples; and if they are removed, it must be by changes that will only raise her character the more by the recollection of the faults she once had.
I believe I really do understand 'the Emancipation of Women movement' of the nineteenth century.
I believe it was intended to pull them down quite at the beginning of our days; but there was, I am told, a queer antiquarian society, which had done some service in past times, and which straightway set up its pipe against their destruction, as it has done with many other buildings, which most people looked upon as worthless, and public nuisances; and it was so energetic, and had such good reasons to give, that it generally gained its point; and I must say that when all is said I am glad of it: because you know at the worst these silly old buildings serve as a kind of foil to the beautiful ones which we build now.
I believe that animals are descende from at most only four or five progenitors, and plants from an equal o lesser number.
I believe that the ARRANGEMEN of the groups within each class, in due subordination and relation to eac other, must be strictly genealogical in order to be natural; but that th AMOUNT of difference in the several branches or groups, though allied i the same degree in blood to their common progenitor, may differ greatly being due to the different degrees of modification which they hav undergone; and this is expressed by the forms being ranked under differen genera, families, sections or orders.
I believe that this is the case and that community of descent - the one known cause of close similarity i organic beings - is the bond, which, though observed by various degrees o modification, is partially revealed to us by our classifications.
I believe that was the opinion of the 'advanced' women of the nineteenth century, and their male backers.
I believe this rul to be of the highest importance in explaining the laws of embryology.
I believe this simile largely speaks th truth.
I believe we must not think of a Northampton ball.
I believe you will understand that I speak of my son.
I believe, as a matter of fact, that some time ago (I can't give you a date) some elaborate machinery was used for the locks, though people did not go so far as try to make the water run up hill.
I both cases the sterility is independent of general health, and is ofte accompanied by excess of size or great luxuriance.
I both, the tendency goes to a certain extent with systematic affinity, fo whole groups of animals and plants are rendered impotent by the sam unnatural conditions; and whole groups of species tend to produce steril hybrids.
I bring her blessing on her darling son! Again at night he saw the star, and all that former company.
I broke in eagerly, saying that I would do anything in the world for her; for indeed, in spite of my years and the too obvious signs of them (though that feeling of renewed youth was not a mere passing sensation, I think) - in spite of my years, I say, I felt altogether too happy in the company of this delightful girl, and was prepared to take her confidences for more than they meant perhaps.
I came to look for you, and after waiting a little while in hope of your coming in, was making use of your inkstand to explain my errand.
I came to serve you, and now I go away a broken man.
I came to the hurdles and stood looking over into the hay-field, and was close to the end of the long line of haymakers who were spreading the low ridges to dry off the night dew.
I can answer these questions and objections only on the supposition tha the geological record is far more imperfect than most geologists believe.
I can even suppose it pleasant to spend half the year in the country, under certain circumstances, very pleasant.
I can giv here only the briefest abstract of the more important facts.
I can hardly doubt that this rule is generally true, thoug difficult of proof.
I can hear no more of this.
I can here give only the genera conclusions at which I have arrived, with a few facts in illustration, bu which, I hope, in most cases will suffice.
I can never hear such a one without the greatest admiration and respect, and more than half a mind to take orders and preach myself.
I can no more believe in this than that the well-adapte form of a race-horse or greyhound, which before the principle of selectio by man was well understood, excited so much surprise in the minds of th older naturalists, can thus be explained.
I can onl state my conviction that it is a rule of high generality.
I can only assert that instincts certainly do vary - fo instance, the migratory instinct, both in extent and direction, and in it total loss.
I can only repeat my assurance, that I do not spea without good evidence.
I can only repeat that such cases certainl occur, and seem to me very remarkable.
I can remember that they were evidently fond of his society; and with such encouragement, a man like Crawford, lively, and it may be, a little unthinking, might be led on to - there could be nothing very striking, because it is clear that he had no pretensions: his heart was reserved for you.
I can see no mor difficulty in this than in the unhatched young of other birds acquiring th instinct to break through their own shells; or than in young snake acquiring in their upper jaws, as Owen has remarked, a transitory shar tooth for cutting through the tough egg-shell.
I can see no mor reason to doubt that this would be the result, than that man should be abl to improve the fleetness of his greyhounds by careful and methodica selection, or by that kind of unconscious selection which follows from eac man trying to keep the best dogs without any thought of modifying th breed.
I can see through and through you.
I can stand it no longer, and I think, I may say, that nothing shall ever tempt me to it again; but one good thing I have just ascertained: it is the very room for a theatre, precisely the shape and length for it; and the doors at the farther end, communicating with each other, as they may be made to do in five minutes, by merely moving the bookcase in my father's room, is the very thing we could have desired, if we had sat down to wish for it; and my father's room will be an excellent greenroom.
I can tell you they know plenty of things.
I can think only of the friends I am leaving: my excellent sister, yourself, and the Bertrams in general.
I can thus onl understand a fact with which I was much struck when examining cirripedes and of which many other instances could be given:  namely, that when  cirripede is parasitic within another cirripede and is thus protected, i loses more or less completely its own shell or carapace.
I cannot be afraid of hearing anything you wish to say.
I cannot be dictated to by a watch.
I cannot but suppose you will when you have read it carefully over.
I cannot but think that good horsemanship has a great deal to do with the mind.
I cannot give her up, Fanny.
I cannot give her up.
I cannot here ente on the necessary details; but if man can in a short time give beauty and a elegant carriage to his bantams, according to his standard of beauty, I ca see no good reason to doubt that female birds, by selecting, durin thousands of generations, the most melodious or beautiful males, accordin to their standard of beauty, might produce a marked effect.
I cannot here giv the details which I have collected and elsewhere published on this curiou subject; but to show how singular the laws are which determine th reproduction of animals under confinement, I may mention that carnivorou animals, even from the tropics, breed in this country pretty freely unde confinement, with the exception of the plantigrades or bear family, whic seldom produce young; whereas, carnivorous birds, with the rares exception, hardly ever lay fertile eggs.
I cannot make ou that it applies to plants, and this would have seriously shaken my belie in its truth, had not the great variability in plants made it particularl difficult to compare their relative degrees of variability.
I cannot recall all her words.
I cannot remember the time when I did not know a great deal that she has not the least notion of yet.
I cannot rest, I cannot stay, I cannot linger anywhere.
I cannot see that these actions, performed without experience by the young and in nearly the same manner by each individual, performed with eage delight by each breed, and without the end being known - for the youn pointer can no more know that he points to aid his master, than the whit butterfly knows why she lays her eggs on the leaf of the cabbage - I canno see that these actions differ essentially from true instincts.
I cannot spare her, and I am sure she does not want to go.
I cannot suppose that you have not the wish to love him - the natural wish of gratitude.
I cannot think of it with any patience; and it does appear to me an evil of such magnitude as must, if possible, be prevented.
I cannot think what Rebecca has been about.
I cannot work.
I cannot, however, le this opportunity pass without expressing my deep obligations to Dr. Hooker who, for the last fifteen years, has aided me in every possible way by hi large stores of knowledge and his excellent judgment.
I carefully measured the proportions (but wil not here give the details) of the beak, width of mouth, length of nostri and of eyelid, size of feet and length of leg, in the wild parent species in pouters, fantails, runts, barbs, dragons, carriers, and tumblers.
I caught a dreadful cold, but that I did not regard.
I certain star-fishes, small depressions in the layer of pigment whic surrounds the nerve are filled, as described by the author just quoted with transparent gelatinous matter, projecting with a convex surface, lik the cornea in the higher animals.
I certainly do not go home to-night, and, therefore, the carriage will not be out on my account; so you must make up your mind to what may happen, and take your things accordingly.
I charge you, take care of Fanny.
I chuse to suppose that the assurance of my consent will be something; so you may smile upon him with your sweetest smiles this afternoon, and send him back to me even happier than he goes.
I closely allied species, also, the extent to which the same organ has bee reduced occasionally differs much.
I conclude that for terrestrial productions  large continental area, which has undergone many oscillations of level will have been the most favourable for the production of many new forms o life, fitted to endure for a long time and to spread widely.
I concluded from all this that the days of the gamekeeper were over, and did not even need to ask Dick a question about it.
I confess I began to be afraid that the man was mad, though he looked sane enough; and I was rather glad to think that I was a good swimmer, since we were so close to a deep swift stream.
I confess I was not sorry to cut short with a question his glorifications of the age he lived in.
I confess myself sincerely anxious that you may.
I confess there is much force in your argument from the doctrine of possibilities.
I consider Amelia is the most difficult character in the whole piece.
I consider it as most natural that all your family should wish you could return it; but that, as you cannot, you have done exactly as you ought in refusing him.
I could also give several instances of various birds whic have been known occasionally to lay their eggs in other birds' nests.
I could better bear to lose her because not rich enough, than because of my profession.
I could do very well without you, if you were married to a man of such good estate as Mr. Crawford.
I could give many facts showing how anxious bees are t save time:  for instance, their habit of cutting holes and sucking th nectar at the bases of certain flowers, which with a very little mor trouble they can enter by the mouth.
I could give many facts showing how frequentl birds of many kinds are blown by gales to vast distances across the ocean.
I could give several references to work of high antiquity, in which the full importance of the principle i acknowledged.
I could listen to him for an hour together.
I could name three people now, who would give me my own terms and thank me.
I could name, at this moment, at least six young men within six miles of us, who are wild to be admitted into our company, and there are one or two that would not disgrace us: I should not be afraid to trust either of the Olivers or Charles Maddox.
I could not act anything if you were to give me the world.
I could not but see that Mr. Crawford allowed himself in gallantries which did mean nothing.
I could not even understand how some naturalise species have spread rapidly throughout the same country.
I could not have hoped to entertain you with Irish anecdotes during a ten miles' drive.
I could not help thinking, also, that the remorse of this homicide gave point to what old Hammond had said to me about the way in which this strange people dealt with what I had been used to hear called crimes.
I could not preach but to the educated; to those who were capable of estimating my composition.
I could not see him and my eldest sister in the same room without recollecting what you once told me, and I acknowledge that they did not meet as friends.
I could not tell what she would be at yesterday.
I could only notice that the people in the fields looked strong and handsome, both men and women, and that so far from there being any appearance of sordidness about their attire, they seemed to be dressed specially for the occasion, - lightly, of course, but gaily and with plenty of adornment.
I could see it in her eyes, when he was mentioned.
I could see that she was really looking at things and let nothing escape her, and as I watched her, an uncomfortable feeling that she had been a little touched by love of the deft, ready, and handsome Dick, and that she had been constrained to follow us because of it, faded out of my mind; since if it had been so, she surely could not have been so excitedly pleased, even with the beautiful scenes we were passing through.
I could very ill spare the time, and you might have saved me the trouble, if you would only have been so good as to let us know you were going out.
I could wish my father were more sensible of their very great attention to my mother and sisters while he was away.
I couldn't help smiling to see how long a tradition would last.
I cured him at last; but he was very bad all the winter - and this was such a day, I could not help going to him up in his room before we set off to advise him not to venture: he was putting on his wig; so I said, 'Coachman, you had much better not go; your Lady and I shall be very safe; you know how steady Stephen is, and Charles has been upon the leaders so often now, that I am sure there is no fear.' But, however, I soon found it would not do; he was bent upon going, and as I hate to be worrying and officious, I said no more; but my heart quite ached for him at every jolt, and when we got into the rough lanes about Stoke, where, what with frost and snow upon beds of stones, it was worse than anything you can imagine, I was quite in an agony about him.
I dare say I was not reasonable in carrying with me hopes of an intercourse at all like that of Mansfield.
I dare say Mr. Crawford would take my two nieces and me in his barouche, and Edmund can go on horseback, you know, sister, and Fanny will stay at home with you.
I dare say she would not; but she would be introduced into the society of this country under such very favourable circumstances as, in all human probability, would get her a creditable establishment.
I dare say that, on a comparison of our opinions, they would be found as much alike as they have been used to be: to the point - I consider Crawford's proposals as most advantageous and desirable, if you could return his affection.
I dare say there is always some reputable tradesman's wife or other going up.
I dare say they are trying for it.
I daresay old Hammond would give you plenty of information in detail about it.
I daresay you remember that the Bishop of Ely's house is mentioned in Shakespeare's play of King Richard III.; and there are some remains of that still left.
I declare, when I got back to Sotherton yesterday, it looked like a prison -  quite a dismal old prison.
I deferred it all till his praise should be proved the praise of a friend, as this day does prove it.
I despise the thing.
I did indeed.
I did not feel it my duty to set myself up for a scarecrow amidst this beauty-loving people, but I saw I had got across some ineradicable prejudice, and that it wouldn't do to quarrel with my new friend.
I did not think much of it at first - but, upon my word.
I did, at any rate, when I was younger; but now I think I should like it cooler.
I didn't try to enlighten him, feeling the task too heavy; but I pulled out my magnificent pipe and fell a-smoking, and the old horse jogged on again.
I dined twice in Wimpole Street, and might have been there oftener, but it is mortifying to be with Rushworth as a brother.
I disentangled myself from the merry throng, and mounting on the cart-road that ran along the river some feet above the water, I looked round about me.
I disown you.
I do indeed.
I do no believe so.
I do not at all wonder or blame them.
I do not believe, as we shall presently see, that the whole amoun of difference between the several breeds of the dog has been produced unde domestication; I believe that a small part of the difference is due t their being descended from distinct species.
I do not call Tunbridge or Cheltenham the country; and November is a still more serious month, and I can see that Mrs. Grant is very anxious for her not finding Mansfield dull as winter comes on.
I do not censure her opinions; but there certainly is impropriety in making them public.
I do not consider her as meaning to wound my feelings.
I do not deny that there are many and serious difficulties in understandin how many of the inhabitants of the more remote islands, whether stil retaining the same specific form or subsequently modified, have reache their present homes.
I do not dispute that these capacities hav added largely to the value of most of our domesticated productions; but ho could a savage possibly know, when he first tamed an animal, whether i would vary in succeeding generations, and whether it would endure othe climates?  Has the little variability of the ass and goose, or the smal power of endurance of warmth by the reindeer, or of cold by the commo camel, prevented their domestication?  I cannot doubt that if other animal and plants, equal in number to our domesticated productions, and belongin to equally diverse classes and countries, were taken from a state o nature, and could be made to breed for an equal number of generations unde domestication, they would on an average vary as largely as the paren species of our existing domesticated productions have varied.
I do not exactly know the distance, but when you get back to Portsmouth, if it is not very far off, you ought to go over and pay your respects to them; and I could send a little parcel by you that I want to get conveyed to your cousins.
I do not imagine he figures much in the letters to Mansfield Park; do you, Miss Price? I think my friend Julia knows better than to entertain her father with Mr. Yates.
I do not know any better qualifications for a friend and companion.
I do not know how I shall like it.
I do not know that her uncle has any claim to her gratitude; his wife certainly had; and it is the warmth of her respect for her aunt's memory which misleads her here.
I do not know the play; but, as Maria says, if there is anything a little too warm (and it is so with most of them) it can be easily left out.
I do not know what I write, but it would be a great favour of you never to mention the subject again.
I do not know what it is all about.
I do not know what to do.
I do not know where the error lies.
I do not like Mrs. Fraser.
I do not mean to be poor.
I do not mean to press you, however.
I do not offer them as new.
I do not pretend that the facts given in this chapte strengthen in any great degree my theory; but none of the cases o difficulty, to the best of my judgment, annihilate it.
I do not pretend to know which was most to blame in their disagreements, though the Admiral's present conduct might incline one to the side of his wife; but it is natural and amiable that Miss Crawford should acquit her aunt entirely.
I do not pretend to set people right, but I do see that they are often wrong.
I do not say that people don't judge their neighbours' conduct, sometimes, doubtless, unfairly.
I do not subscribe to it.
I do not suppose that we here see the rea transitional grades through which the wings of birds have passed; but wha special difficulty is there in believing that it might profit the modifie descendants of the penguin, first to become enabled to flap along th surface of the sea like the logger-headed duck, and ultimately to rise fro its surface and glide through the air I will now give a few examples to illustrate the foregoing remarks, and t show how liable we are to error in supposing that whole groups of specie have suddenly been produced.
I do not think that even he could now hope to succeed with one of her stamp, and therefore I hope we may find no insuperable difficulty.
I do not think we do so well without him.
I do not think you will find your woods by any means worse stocked than they were.
I do not understand her.
I do not want to add to anything you may now be feeling, by an account of what he has felt.
I do not wish to make objections; I shall be happy to be of any use, but I think we could not chuse worse.
I don't care.
I don't know anything.
I don't know what Sir Thomas may think of such matters; he may be too much of the courtier and fine gentleman to like his daughter the less.
I don't make merry myself at Christmas and I can't afford to make idle people merry.
I don't mean only these river-guardians, but all these master-people I have read of.
I don't say she would be so handsome as her cousins.
I don't want him to be disappointed.
I don't wish to see it.
I don't wonder at your finding the name ridiculous: but after all, it was nobody's business to alter it, since the name of a dead folly doesn't bite.
I doubt if any other man now alive does.
I doubt their finding me so.
I drank, and he sat down again and went on.
I dreaded lest the others should come in suddenly and break the spell she had cast about me; but we stood there a while by the corner of the big gable of the house, and no one came.
I dressed speedily, in a suit of blue laid ready for me, so handsome that I quite blushed when I had got into it, feeling as I did so that excited pleasure of anticipation of a holiday, which, well remembered as it was, I had not felt since I was a boy, new come home for the summer holidays.
I drew my sculls through the water at that last word, and pulled as if I were fleeing from those times which I understood so well; and we were soon going up the once sorely be-cockneyed reaches of the river about Maidenhead, which now looked as pleasant and enjoyable as the up-river reaches.
I endeavoured to consult the simplicity of your taste; but, at any rate, I know you will be kind to my intentions, and consider it, as it really is, a token of the love of one of your oldest friends.
I endeavoured to show, that the lif of each species depends in a more important manner on the presence of othe already defined organic forms, than on climate, and, therefore, that th really governing conditions of life do not graduate away quite insensibl like heat or moisture.
I endeavoured, also, to show that intermediat varieties, from existing in lesser numbers than the forms which the connect, will generally be beaten out and exterminated during the course o further modification and improvement.
I estimated (chiefly from the greatl reduced numbers of nests in the spring) that the winter of 1854-5 destroye four-fifths of the birds in my own grounds; and this is a tremendou destruction, when we remember that ten per cent.
I exclude extremes, of course; and a very close resemblance in all those points would be the likeliest way to produce an extreme.
I expect before I get home this evening I shall have realised what a little country England is, since we can so soon get to the end of its biggest river.
I expect we shall be all very much at Sotherton another year.
I fairly chuckled for pleasure.
I fancied you might be going to tell me I ought to be more attentive, and not allow my thoughts to wander.
I fancy Lord S. is very good-humoured and pleasant in his own family, and I do not think him so very ill-looking as I did - at least, one sees many worse.
I feel as if I could be anything or everything; as if I could rant and storm, or sigh or cut capers, in any tragedy or comedy in the English language.
I feel much more than I can possibly express.
I feel that we are born to be connected; and those tears convince me that you feel it too, dear Fanny.
I felt lonely and sick at heart past the power of words to describe.
I felt rather uncomfortable at this speech, for suddenly the picture of the sordid squabble, the dirty and miserable tragedy of the life I had left for a while, came before my eyes; and I had, as it were, a vision of all my longings for rest and peace in the past, and I loathed the idea of going back to it again.
I felt that I must be the jest of the room at the time, and Miss Crawford, it is plain, has heard the story.
I find from experiments tha humble-bees are almost indispensable to the fertilisation of the heartseas (Viola tricolor), for other bees do not visit this flower.
I find he takes orders in a few weeks.
I find it better, grander, more complete in its style, though that style may not be the best.
I find that when irregularly shaped stones ar embedded in the roots of trees, small parcels of earth are very frequentl enclosed in their interstices and behind them, so perfectly that not  particle could be washed away during the longest transport:  out of on small portion of earth thus COMPLETELY enclosed by the roots of an oa about fifty years old, three dicotyledonous plants germinated:  I a certain of the accuracy of this observation.
I follows probably from this same cause, that organic beings low in the scal are more variable than those standing higher in the scale, and which hav their whole organisation more specialised.
I forced man kinds of seeds into the stomachs of dead fish, and then gave their bodie to fishing-eagles, storks, and pelicans; these birds, after an interval o many hours, either rejected the seeds in pellets or passed them in thei excrement; and several of these seeds retained the power of germination.
I forgot to tell Tom of something that happened to me this very day.
I found it difficult to keep my eyes off the wall-pictures (for I thought it bad manners to stare at Clara all the time, though she was quite worth it).
I found myself, in short, in Thornton Lacey.
I four coloured drawings, which I have seen, of hybrids between the ass an zebra, the legs were much more plainly barred than the rest of the body and in one of them there was a double shoulder-stripe.
I freely admit the forme existence of many islands, now buried beneath the sea, which may hav served as halting places for plants and for many animals during thei migration.
I full admit that many structures are now of no direct use to their possessors and may never have been of any use to their progenitors; but this does no prove that they were formed solely for beauty or variety.
I fully agree with Mr. Godwin Austen, that the present condition of the Malay Archipelago, with it numerous large islands separated by wide and shallow seas, probabl represents the former state of Europe, while most of our formations wer accumulating.
I further attempted to sho that from the varying descendants of each species trying to occupy as man and as different places as possible in the economy of nature, the constantly tend to diverge in character.
I further believe that these slow intermittent results accord well with what geology tells us of the rate an manner at which the inhabitants of the world have changed.
I gathered from all I have heard that there was a great deal of changing of abode amongst you in this country.
I give her credit for promoting his going dutifully down to Bath, to fetch his mother; but how will she and the dowager agree in one house? Henry is not at hand, so I have nothing to say from him.
I go to Lady Stornaway after Easter; she seems in high spirits, and very happy.
I got out of it in time; and here - well, here everything pleases me.
I had a glimmering of fear of what might follow; of anxiety as to the remedy which this new age might offer for the missing of something one might set one's heart on.
I had a mind to say that I did not know the way thither, and that the river-side dwellers should lead; but almost without my will my feet moved on along the road they knew.
I had attributed them to you before.
I had been looking about me in the poultry-yard, and was just coming out, when who should I see but Dick Jackson making up to the servants' hall-door with two bits of deal board in his hand, bringing them to father, you may be sure; mother had chanced to send him of a message to father, and then father had bid him bring up them two bits of board, for he could not no how do without them.
I had by no means shaken off the feeling of oppression, and wherever I might have been should scarce have been quite conscious of the place; so it was no wonder that I felt rather puzzled in despite of the familiar face of the Thames.
I had every attention from the Frasers that could be reasonably expected.
I had forgotten having ever told you half so much of the place.
I had gone a few steps, Fanny, when I heard the door open behind me.
I had little enjoyment there, but have less here.
I had my doubts at the time about her being right, for he has not even the air of a gentleman, and now I am sure she was wrong.
I had not a suspicion that I could be doing anything wrong.
I had not an idea that his behaviour to me before had any meaning; and surely I was not to be teaching myself to like him only because he was taking what seemed very idle notice of me.
I had not been long in my own room, after breakfast, when Mr. Crawford was shewn in.
I had not, Miss Crawford, been an inattentive observer of what was passing between him and some part of this family in the summer and autumn.
I had thought it might be a relief.
I had thought you peculiarly free from wilfulness of temper, self-conceit, and every tendency to that independence of spirit which prevails so much in modern days, even in young women, and which in young women is offensive and disgusting beyond all common offence.
I had two or three ideas.
I had very little hope of him from the first; but you, Mrs. Grant, my sister, my own sister, I think I had a right to alarm you a little.
I hadn't the heart to tell Dick yesterday that we were as good as gone from the Thames-side; but somehow to you I must needs tell it.
I hate such greediness -  so good as your father is to the family, employing the man all the year round! Nobody was at the trouble of an answer; the others soon returned; and Edmund found that to have endeavoured to set them right must be his only satisfaction.
I hav chosen this example because the explanation which most naturalists woul advance is not here applicable, namely, that specific characters are mor variable than generic, because they are taken from parts of les physiological importance than those commonly used for classing genera.
I hav found it difficult, when looking at any two species, to avoid picturing t myself forms DIRECTLY intermediate between them.
I hav given my reasons for believing that most of our great formations, rich i fossils, were deposited during periods of subsidence; and that blan intervals of vast duration, as far as fossils are concerned, occurre during the periods when the bed of the sea was either stationary or rising and likewise when sediment was not thrown down quickly enough to embed an preserve organic remains.
I have a great mind to go back into Norfolk directly, and put everything at once on such a footing as cannot be afterwards swerved from.
I have a much greater respect for those that are honest and rich.
I have already endeavoured to explain how plants became twiners, namely, b the increase of a tendency to slight and irregular revolving movements which were at first of no use to them; this movement, as well as that du to a touch or shake, being the incidental result of the power of moving gained for other and beneficial purposes.
I have already given my reason for disbelieving in continental extensions within the period of existin species on so enormous a scale that all the many islands of the severa oceans were thus stocked with their present terrestrial inhabitants.
I have already recapitulated, as fairly as I could, the oppose difficulties and objections:  now let us turn to the special facts an arguments in favour of the theory.
I have als found that the visits of bees are necessary for the fertilisation of som kinds of clover; for instance twenty heads of Dutch clover (Trifoliu repens) yielded 2,290 seeds, but twenty other heads, protected from bees produced not one.
I have als shown that the intermediate varieties which probably at first existed i the intermediate zones, would be liable to be supplanted by the allie forms on either hand; for the latter, from existing in greater numbers would generally be modified and improved at a quicker rate than th intermediate varieties, which existed in lesser numbers; so that th intermediate varieties would, in the long run, be supplanted an exterminated.
I have also consulted som sagacious and experienced observers, and, after deliberation, they concu in this view.
I have also reason to suspect, from information given me by Mr. W.W. Edwards, that with the English race-horse the spinal stripe is muc commoner in the foal than in the full-grown animal.
I have always found you a very good girl.
I have always thought her pretty - not strikingly pretty - but 'pretty enough,' as people say; a sort of beauty that grows on one.
I have as yet spoken as if the varieties of the same species wer invariably fertile when intercrossed.
I have associated wit several eminent fanciers, and have been permitted to join two of the Londo Pigeon Clubs.
I have attempte to show how much light the principle of gradation throws on the admirabl architectural powers of the hive-bee.
I have attempted to show that the geological record is extremely imperfect that only a small portion of the globe has been geologically explored wit care; that only certain classes of organic beings have been largel preserved in a fossil state; that the number both of specimens and o species, preserved in our museums, is absolutely as nothing compared wit the number of generations which must have passed away even during a singl formation; that, owing to subsidence being almost necessary for th accumulation of deposits rich in fossil species of many kinds, and thic enough to outlast future degradation, great intervals of time must hav elapsed between most of our successive formations; that there has probabl been more extinction during the periods of subsidence, and more variatio during the periods of elevation, and during the latter the record will hav been least perfectly kept; that each single formation has not bee continuously deposited; that the duration of each formation is probabl short compared with the average duration of specific forms; that migratio has played an important part in the first appearance of new forms in an one area and formation; that widely ranging species are those which hav varied most frequently, and have oftenest given rise to new species; tha varieties have at first been local; and lastly, although each species mus have passed through numerous transitional stages, it is probable that th periods, during which each underwent modification, though many and long a measured by years, have been short in comparison with the periods durin which each remained in an unchanged condition.
I have been a devourer of my own.
I have been a liberal housekeeper enough, but I shall not be ashamed to practise economy now.
I have been pained by her manner this morning, and cannot get the better of it.
I have been returned since Saturday.
I have been slaving myself till I can hardly stand, to contrive Mr. Rushworth's cloak without sending for any more satin; and now I think you may give me your help in putting it together.
I have been struck with the fact that if an animal or plant in a state of nature be highly useful to man, or from an cause closely attracts his attention, varieties of it will almos universally be found recorded.
I have been surprised to find, making allowanc for the instincts of animals having been but little observed, except i Europe and North America, and for no instinct being known among extinc species, how very generally gradations, leading to the most comple instincts, can be discovered.
I have been to Turner's about your mess; it is all in a way to be done.
I have before mentioned that earth occasionally adhere in some quantity to the feet and beaks of birds.
I have brought my book, and if you would but rehearse it with me, I should be so obliged! I came here to-day intending to rehearse it with Edmund -  by ourselves - against the evening, but he is not in the way; and if he were, I do not think I could go through it with him, till I have hardened myself a little; for really there is a speech or two.
I have called thi principle, by which each slight variation, if useful, is preserved, by th term natural selection, in order to mark its relation to man's power o selection.
I have carefully searched th oldest voyages, and have not found a single instance, free from doubt, of  terrestrial mammal (excluding domesticated animals kept by the natives inhabiting an island situated above 300 miles from a continent or grea continental island; and many islands situated at a much less distance ar equally barren.
I have collected a long lis of such cases; but here, as before, I lie under the great disadvantage o not being able to give them.
I have come to dinner.
I have come to this conclusion from finding it a invariable rule that when a flower is fertilised by the wind it never has  gaily-coloured corolla.
I have cut society with a cut direct; I cut it when I was prosperous, and now I reap my reward, and can cut it with dignity in my declension.
I have discussed the probable origin of domestic pigeons at some, yet quit insufficient, length; because when I first kept pigeons and watched th several kinds, well knowing how truly they breed, I felt fully as muc difficulty in believing that since they had been domesticated they had al proceeded from a common parent, as any naturalist could in coming to  similar conclusion in regard to the many species of finches, or othe groups of birds, in nature.
I have done.
I have endeavoured in this chapter briefly to show that the menta qualities of our domestic animals vary, and that the variations ar inherited.
I have endeavoured to give to them their full force.
I have engaged for your seeing him whenever he calls, as you might have done had nothing of this sort occurred.
I have had enough of the family for one morning.
I have had walking enough.
I have hardly taken out a gun since the 3rd.
I have heard much of you since then; for you have a fervent advocate in my house.
I have heard nothing about it yet from my aunt.
I have heard of this kind of thing; but pardon me for saying, that it seems to us a troublesome and roundabout custom; and we don't know how to manage it.
I have heard that about here was one of the thickest parts of the town.
I have hitherto sometimes spoken as if the variations - so common an multiform with organic beings under domestication, and in a lesser degre with those under nature - were due to chance.
I have in vain endeavoure to discover on what decisive facts the above statement has so often and s boldly been made.
I have kept every breed which  could purchase or obtain, and have been most kindly favoured with skin from several quarters of the world, more especially by the Hon.
I have little heart for extensive improvements till I know that it will ever have a mistress.
I have looked across the ha-ha till I am weary.
I have lost all.
I have made so many experiment and collected so many facts, showing on the one hand that an occasiona cross with a distinct individual or variety increases the vigour an fertility of the offspring, and on the other hand that very clos interbreeding lessens their vigour and fertility, that I cannot doubt th correctness of this conclusion.
I have made these few remarks on trees simply t call attention to the subject.
I have met with striking instances of the rule in the case o varieties intermediate between well-marked varieties in the genus Balanus.
I have more especially been induced to d this, as Mr. Wallace, who is now studying the natural history of the Mala Archipelago, has arrived at almost exactly the same general conclusion that I have on the origin of species.
I have more tha once alluded to a large body of facts showing that, when animals and plant are removed from their natural conditions, they are extremely liable t have their reproductive systems seriously affected.
I have my alarms, but they are quite in a different quarter; and if I could have altered the weather, you would have had a good sharp east wind blowing on you the whole time - for here are some of my plants which Robert will leave out because the nights are so mild, and I know the end of it will be, that we shall have a sudden change of weather, a hard frost setting in all at once, taking everybody (at least Robert) by surprise, and I shall lose every one; and what is worse, cook has just been telling me that the turkey, which I particularly wished not to be dressed till Sunday, because I know how much more Dr. Grant would enjoy it on Sunday after the fatigues of the day, will not keep beyond to-morrow.
I have myself recentl bred a foal from a bay mare (offspring of a Turkoman horse and a Flemis mare) by a bay English race-horse.
I have myself seen a du Devonshire pony, and a small dun Welsh pony has been carefully described t me, both with THREE parallel stripes on each shoulder.
I have nearly determined on explaining myself by letter.
I have never met a pigeon, o poultry, or duck, or rabbit fancier, who was not fully convinced that eac main breed was descended from a distinct species.
I have never seen Fanny dance since she was a little girl; but I trust we shall both think she acquits herself like a gentlewoman when we do see her, which, perhaps, we may have an opportunity of doing ere long.
I have never seen an instance of nutritious seeds passin through the intestines of a bird; but hard seeds of fruit pass uninjure through even the digestive organs of a turkey.
I have no common interest in Crawford's well-doing.
I have no doubt that I was biased, but I think it was blamelessly.
I have no eye or ingenuity for such matters, but as they are before me; and had I a place of my own in the country, I should be most thankful to any Mr. Repton who would undertake it, and give me as much beauty as he could for my money; and I should never look at it till it was complete.
I have no fears and no scruples.
I have no hope of ever being settled; and if I was to part with Rebecca, I should only get something worse.
I have no jealousy of any individual.
I have no news for you.
I have nobody else to care for, but I should be very glad to think I could leave a little trifle among them worth their having.
I have not as ye had time to follow up this subject in all quarters of the world; but as fa as I have gone, the relation holds good.
I have not lost a moment, however.
I have not so much to say for my friend Flora, who jilted a very nice young man in the Blues for the sake of that horrid Lord Stornaway, who has about as much sense, Fanny, as Mr. Rushworth, but much worse-looking, and with a blackguard character.
I have not the power.
I have not thought well of him from the time of the play.
I have not time for writing much, but it would be out of place if I had, for this is to be a mere letter of business, penned for the purpose of conveying necessary information, which could not be delayed without risk of evil.
I have not time or patience to give half Henry's messages; be satisfied that the spirit of each and every one is unalterable affection.
I have now been here nearly five months; and, moreover, the quietest five months I ever passed.
I have now considered enough, perhaps more than enough, of the cases selected with care by a skilful naturalist, to prove that natural selectio is incompetent to account for the incipient stages of useful structures and I have shown, as I hope, that there is no great difficulty on thi head.
I have now explained how, I believe, the wonderful fact of two distinctl defined castes of sterile workers existing in the same nest, both widel different from each other and from their parents, has originated.
I have now given the leading facts with respect to rudimentary organs.
I have now recapitulated the facts and considerations which have thoroughl convinced me that species have been modified, during a long course o descent.
I have often heard my old kinsman say the one aim of all people before our time was to avoid work, or at least they thought it was; so of course the work which their daily life forced them to do, seemed more like work than that which they seemed to choose for themselves.
I have often scolded him for it, but it is his only fault; and there is this to be said, that very few young ladies have any affections worth caring for.
I have quite as great an interest in being careful of his house as you can have; and as to such alterations as I was suggesting just now, such as moving a bookcase, or unlocking a door, or even as using the billiard-room for the space of a week without playing at billiards in it, you might just as well suppose he would object to our sitting more in this room, and less in the breakfast-room, than we did before he went away, or to my sister's pianoforte being moved from one side of the room to the other.
I have received an analogous account from Dr. Gunther, who has seen a mouse thus suspend itself.
I have sat invisible beside you many and many a day.
I have seen good actresses fail in the part.
I have seen too much of Mr. Crawford not to understand his manners; if he understood me as well, he would, I dare say, behave differently.
I have seen your nobler aspirations fall off one by one, until the master-passion, Gain, engrosses you.
I have several specimens showing clearly that they ca do this.
I have since, sometimes, for a moment, regretted that I did not go back, but I know I was right, and such has been the end of our acquaintance.
I have state that fresh-water fish eat some kinds of seeds, though they reject man other kinds after having swallowed them; even small fish swallow seeds o moderate size, as of the yellow water-lily and Potamogeton.
I have stated in the first chapter, that at whatever age any variatio first appears in the parent, it tends to reappear at a corresponding age i the offspring.
I have stated that the most probable hypothesi to account for the reappearance of very ancient characters, is - that ther is a TENDENCY in the young of each successive generation to produce th long-lost character, and that this tendency, from unknown causes, sometime prevails.
I have such innumerable presents from him that it is quite impossible for me to value or for him to remember half.
I have taken muc pains to ascertain how far they apply to animals, and, considering ho scanty our knowledge is in regard to hybrid animals, I have been surprise to find how generally the same rules apply to both kingdoms.
I have taken pains to verify this assertion, and have found i true, with the exception of New Zealand, New Caledonia, the Andama Islands, and perhaps the Solomon Islands and the Seychelles.
I have the infinite satisfaction of congratulating you on your brother's promotion.
I have three very particular friends who have been all dying for him in their turn; and the pains which they, their mothers (very clever women), as well as my dear aunt and myself, have taken to reason, coax, or trick him into marrying, is inconceivable! He is the most horrible flirt that can be imagined.
I have told you the substance of all that she said.
I have two favours to ask, Fanny: one is your correspondence.
I have, I flatter myself, made no inconsiderable progress in her affections; but my own are entirely fixed.
I have, therefore, discussed this case at some little but wholly insufficient length, in order to show the powe of natural selection, and likewise because this is by far the most seriou special difficulty which my theory has encountered.
I hear fro Mr. Tomes, who has specially studied this family, that many species hav enormous ranges, and are found on continents and on far distant islands.
I heard a sharp order given, and wondered where I should be the next minute; and then - It was as if - the earth had opened, and hell had come up bodily amidst us.
I heard enough of what she said to you last night to understand her unwillingness to be acting with a stranger; and as she probably engaged in the part with different expectations - perhaps without considering the subject enough to know what was likely to be -  it would be ungenerous, it would be really wrong to expose her to it.
I heard him as I came upstairs, and the theatre is engaged of course by those indefatigable rehearsers, Agatha and Frederick.
I heard him, though my eyes were turned away from him, for that pretty girl was just disappearing through the gate with her big basket of early peas, and I felt that disappointed kind of feeling which overtakes one when one has seen an interesting or lovely face in the streets which one is never likely to see again; and I was silent a little.
I heard the merry voices some way off presently, and knew that they were going along the river to the great meadow on the other side of the house and garden.
I held my tongue and pondered.
I help to support the establishments I have mentioned - they cost enough; and those who are badly off must go there.
I hop that I may be excused for entering on these personal details, as I giv them to show that I have not been hasty in coming to a decision.
I hope I shall have some good friend to help me.
I hope I should not have been influenced myself in a wrong way, and I am sure my father was too conscientious to have allowed it.
I hope it is not too fine; but I thought I ought to wear it as soon as I could, and that I might not have such another opportunity all the winter.
I hope my uncle may continue to like Mr. Rushworth.
I hope she will recollect it, and be satisfied, as well as she may, with moving the queen of a palace, though the king may appear best in the background; and as I have no desire to tease her, I shall never force your name upon her again.
I hope that I may not be misconstrued into sayin that the progenitors of whales did actually possess mouths lamellated lik the beak of a duck.
I hope they get on pretty well together.
I hope we shall keep it up these two hours.
I hope you do not think me too fine.
I hope you will like the chain itself, Fanny.
I hope you will take a day's sport there yourself, sir, soon.
I hung about a minute longer, and then turned and went out of the porch again and through the lime-avenue into the road, while the blackbirds sang their strongest from the bushes about me in the hot June evening.
I imagined I saw a mixture of many feelings: a great, though short struggle; half a wish of yielding to truths, half a sense of shame, but habit, habit carried it.
I infer that this is the case from having as yet found n exception to the rule that seeds are always thus disseminated when embedde within a fruit of any kind (that is within a fleshy or pulpy envelope), i it be coloured of any brilliant tint, or rendered conspicuous by bein white or black.
I is almost superfluous to remark that hardly any fossil-fish are known fro south of the equator; and by running through Pictet's Palaeontology it wil be seen that very few species are known from several formations in Europe.
I is here manifestly impossible to select the more sterile individuals, whic have already ceased to yield seeds; so that this acme of sterility, whe the germen alone is effected, cannot have been gained through selection and from the laws governing the various grades of sterility being s uniform throughout the animal and vegetable kingdoms, we may infer that th cause, whatever it may be, is the same or nearly the same in all cases.
I is known that the English pointer has been greatly changed within the las century, and in this case the change has, it is believed, been chiefl effected by crosses with the foxhound; but what concerns us is, that th change has been effected unconsciously and gradually, and yet s effectually that, though the old Spanish pointer certainly came from Spain Mr. Borrow has not seen, as I am informed by him, any native dog in Spai like our pointer.
I is not that the same species are met with; for in some cases not on species is identically the same, but they belong to the same families genera, and sections of genera, and sometimes are similarly characterise in such trifling points as mere superficial sculpture.
I is thus, as I believe, that all the most complex and wonderful instinct have originated.
I is well known that if pollen of a distinct species be placed on the stigm of a flower, and its own pollen be afterwards, even after a considerabl interval of time, placed on the same stigma, its action is so strongl prepotent that it generally annihilates the effect of the foreign pollen so it is with the pollen of the several forms of the same species, fo legitimate pollen is strongly prepotent over illegitimate pollen, when bot are placed on the same stigma.
I jumped up and washed and hurried on my clothes, but in a hazy and half-awake condition, as if I had slept for a long, long while, and could not shake off the weight of slumber.
I knew how that would be from the first.
I knew she was very fond of you; but yet I was afraid of her not estimating your worth to her brother quite as it deserved, and of her regretting that he had not rather fixed on some woman of distinction or fortune.
I knew what all this meant, for the servants' dinner-bell was ringing at the very moment over our heads; and as I hate such encroaching people (the Jacksons are very encroaching, I have always said so: just the sort of people to get all they can), I said to the boy directly (a great lubberly fellow of ten years old, you know, who ought to be ashamed of himself), 'I'll take the boards to your father, Dick, so get you home again as fast as you can.' The boy looked very silly, and turned away without offering a word, for I believe I might speak pretty sharp; and I dare say it will cure him of coming marauding about the house for one while.
I knew what you were going to say.
I know I admired the lad myself, and indeed that's what brings me here.
I know I cannot live as I have done, but I must retrench where I can, and learn to be a better manager.
I know a man who has a large collection of portraits printed from photographs of the nineteenth century, and going over those and comparing them with the everyday faces in these times, puts the improvement in our good looks beyond a doubt.
I know he thinks me rather a grinder, and despises me for not being very deft with my hands: that's the way nowadays.
I know her disposition to be as sweet and faultless as your own, but the influence of her former companions makes her seem - gives to her conversation, to her professed opinions, sometimes a tinge of wrong.
I know how he is likely to be influenced.
I know it is all nothing.
I know it perfectly.
I know it, but I know not how.
I know no harm of Charles Maddox; but the excessive intimacy which must spring from his being admitted among us in this manner is highly objectionable, the more than intimacy - the familiarity.
I know nobody who distinguishes characters better.
I know nothing about it, but Fanny must teach me.
I know now to whom it must relate, and am in no hurry for the rest.
I know of no case better adapted to show the importance of the laws o correlation and variation, independently of utility, and therefore o natural selection, than that of the difference between the outer and inne flowers in some Compositous and Umbelliferous plants.
I know positively nothing of his private affairs, and do not care to know.
I know she wishes it very much.
I know so many who have married in the full expectation and confidence of some one particular advantage in the connexion, or accomplishment, or good quality in the person, who have found themselves entirely deceived, and been obliged to put up with exactly the reverse.
I know that the apprehension of being forced to quit Mansfield will for a time be arming you against him.
I know the danger of your being so far forgotten, as to have your comforts give way to the imaginary convenience of any single being in the family.
I know these reaches well; indeed, I may say that I know every yard of the Thames from Hammersmith to Cricklade.
I know they will! His hands were busy with his garments all this time; turning them inside out, putting them on upside down, tearing them, mislaying them, making them parties to every kind of extravagance.
I know this to be the truth; and most worthy of you are such feelings.
I know what her sentiments have always been.
I know what you are thinking of.
I know you have something on your mind.
I know you would.
I lay in my bed in my house at dingy Hammersmith thinking about it all; and trying to consider if I was overwhelmed with despair at finding I had been dreaming a dream; and strange to say, I found that I was not so despairing.
I leave him entirely to your mercy, and when he has got you at Everingham, I do not care how much you lecture him.
I leave you with your friends, sir - with your friends.
I like these glossy spots.
I like to hear her talk.
I lingered a little behind the others to have a stare at this house, which, as I have told you, stood on the site of my old dwelling.
I listened to this story with much surprise, and could not help wondering at first that the man who had slain the other had not been put in custody till it could be proved that he killed his rival in self-defence only.
I listened, trembling with excitement.
I look upon her intimacy with those two sisters as the greatest misfortune of her life and mine.
I looked at what I could see of my rough blue duds, which I had plenty of opportunity of contrasting with the gay attire of the citizens we had come across; and I thought that if, as seemed likely, I should presently be shown about as a curiosity for the amusement of this most unbusinesslike people, I should like to look a little less like a discharged ship's purser.
I looked back.
I looked through the trees and saw beyond them a pillared portico quite familiar to me - no less old a friend, in fact, than the British Museum.
I looked up at her delightedly; for her voice, saying the very thing which I was thinking, was like a caress to me.
I looked upon him as the sort of person to be made a fuss with, and to make a fuss himself in any trifling disorder, and was chiefly concerned for those who had to nurse him; but now it is confidently asserted that he is really in a decline, that the symptoms are most alarming, and that part of the family, at least, are aware of it.
I looked, and over the low hedge saw Ellen, shading her eyes against the sun as she looked toward the hay-field, a light wind stirring in her tawny hair, her eyes like light jewels amidst her sunburnt face, which looked as if the warmth of the sun were yet in it.
I looked, and wondered indeed at the deftness and abundance of beauty of the work of men who had at last learned to accept life itself as a pleasure, and the satisfaction of the common needs of mankind and the preparation for them, as work fit for the best of the race.
I love this house and everything in it: I shall love nothing there.
I love to hear my uncle talk of the West Indies.
I ma here premise, that I have nothing to do with the origin of the menta powers, any more than I have with that of life itself.
I made my bow in form; and as Mrs. Sneyd was surrounded by men, attached myself to one of her daughters, walked by her side all the way home, and made myself as agreeable as I could; the young lady perfectly easy in her manners, and as ready to talk as to listen.
I may add that as som organisms breed freely under the most unnatural conditions - for instance rabbits and ferrets kept in hutches - showing that their reproductive organ are not easily affected; so will some animals and plants withstan domestication or cultivation, and vary very slightly - perhaps hardly mor than in a state of nature.
I may add that of the thirty-four authors named in this Historical Sketch, wh believe in the modification of species, or at least disbelieve in separat acts of creation, twenty-seven have written on special branches of natura history or geology.
I may add that the only ancient tertiary formation on the west coast of Sout America, which has been bulky enough to resist such degradation as it ha as yet suffered, but which will hardly last to a distant geological age was deposited during a downward oscillation of level, and thus gaine considerable thickness.
I may add that, according to Mr. Pierce, there are two varieties o the wolf inhabiting the Catskill Mountains, in the United States, one wit a light greyhound-like form, which pursues deer, and the other more bulky with shorter legs, which more frequently attacks the shepherd's flocks.
I may add, as a instance of this fact, and as a striking case of correlation, that in man pelargoniums the two upper petals in the central flower of the truss ofte lose their patches of darker colour; and when this occurs, the adheren nectary is quite aborted, the central flower thus becoming peloric o regular.
I may add, that, according t Mr. Pierce, there are two varieties of the wolf inhabiting the Catskil Mountains in the United States, one with a light greyhound-like form, whic pursues deer, and the other more bulky, with shorter legs, which mor frequently attacks the shepherd's flocks.
I may be discovered by those who want to see me.
I may be sorry, I may be surprised - though hardly that, for you had not had time to attach yourself - but I think you perfectly right.
I may digress by adding that if the smaller workers had been the most useful to the community, an those males and females had been continually selected, which produced mor and more of the smaller workers, until all the workers were in thi condition; we should then have had a species of ant with neuters in nearl the same condition as those of Myrmica.
I may give another instance of a structure which apparently owes its origi exclusively to use or habit.
I may give another instance, which, from having passed under my own eye has much struck me.
I may give one other case:  so confidently did I expect occasionally t find gradations of important structures between the different castes o neuters in the same species, that I gladly availed myself of Mr. F. Smith' offer of numerous specimens from the same nest of the driver ant (Anomma of West Africa.
I may here allude to a remarkable memoir lately published by A. d Candolle, on the oaks of the whole world.
I may here recall a remark formerly made, namely, that it might require  long succession of ages to adapt an organism to some new and peculiar lin of life, for instance, to fly through the air; and consequently that th transitional forms would often long remain confined to some one region; bu that, when this adaptation had once been effected, and a few species ha thus acquired a great advantage over other organisms, a comparatively shor time would be necessary to produce many divergent forms, which would sprea rapidly and widely throughout the world.
I may illustrate what  mean by supposing three varieties of sheep to be kept, one adapted to a extensive mountainous region; a second to a comparatively narrow, hill tract; and a third to the wide plains at the base; and that the inhabitant are all trying with equal steadiness and skill to improve their stocks b selection; the chances in this case will be strongly in favour of the grea holders on the mountains or on the plains improving their breeds mor quickly than the small holders on the intermediate narrow, hilly tract; an consequently the improved mountain or plain breed will soon take the plac of the less improved hill breed; and thus the two breeds, which originall existed in greater numbers, will come into close contact with each other without the interposition of the supplanted, intermediate hill variety.
I may mention as a detail worth noticing that not only did there seem to be a great many more birds about of the non-predatory kinds, but their enemies the birds of prey were also commoner.
I may mention as another illustration o the varied habits of this genus, that a Mexican Colaptes has been describe by De Saussure as boring holes into hard wood in order to lay up a store o acorns.
I may recall the well-known fact that in geological treatises published not many years ago, mammals were always spoken of as havin abruptly come in at the commencement of the tertiary series.
I may repeat what I published in 1845, namely, tha to admit that species generally become rare before they become extinct - t feel no surprise at the rarity of a species, and yet to marvel greatly whe the species ceases to exist, is much the same as to admit that sickness i the individual is the forerunner of death - to feel no surprise at sickness but, when the sick man dies, to wonder and to suspect that he died by som deed of violence.
I may venture to express my conviction of the high valu of such studies, although they have been very commonly neglected b naturalists.
I mean by this expression that the whole organisation is so tied together during its growth and development, that when slight variations in any on part occur and are accumulated through natural selection, other part become modified.
I mean poor people, you know; rough people.
I mean she shall be blessed in her husband, and you are the man, Dick, you and not another.
I mean to give him the same chance every year, whether he likes it or not, for I pity him.
I mean when you are settled there.
I met her at Mrs. Holford's, and did not recollect her.
I met him casually in Paris - that is all.
I might as well have asked for porters and a handbarrow.
I might be thought that the amount of change which the various parts an organs pass through in their development from embryo to maturity woul suffice as a standard of comparison; but there are cases, as with certai parasitic crustaceans, in which several parts of the structure become les perfect, so that the mature animal cannot be called higher than its larva.
I might have been inclined, myself, to regard a coffin-nail as the deadest piece of ironmongery in the trade.
I miss you more than I can express.
I much regret that want of space prevents my having the satisfaction o acknowledging the generous assistance which I have received from very man naturalists, some of them personally unknown to me.
I must admit that this knowledge we reached slowly and painfully.
I must be satisfied with rather less ornament and beauty.
I must come to an understanding with him.
I must go and look through that iron gate at the same view, without being able to see it so well.
I must go away.
I must have them love one another.
I must here introduce a short digression.
I must hide it another time, Betsey.
I must hope, however, that time, proving him (as I firmly believe it will) to deserve you by his steady affection, will give him his reward.
I must just speak of it once, I told Sir Thomas I must once, and then I shall have done.
I must live within my income, or I shall be miserable; and I own it would give me great satisfaction to be able to do rather more, to lay by a little at the end of the year.
I must look down upon anything contented with obscurity when it might rise to distinction.
I must make him know that I will not be tricked on the south side of Everingham, any more than on the north: that I will be master of my own property.
I must now say a few words on what are called accidental means, but whic more properly should be called occasional means of distribution.
I must say, I might have known that people who were so fond of architecture generally, would not be backward in ornamenting themselves; all the more as the shape of their raiment, apart from its colour, was both beautiful and reasonable - veiling the form, without either muffling or caricaturing it.
I must say, cousin, that I cannot approve his character.
I must speak to you for a few minutes, but I will not detain you long.
I must struggle through my sorrows and difficulties as I can.
I must take Anhalt myself.
I must tell you, though, that my great-grandfather sometimes tells me I am a little cracked on this subject of fine building; and indeed I do think that the energies of mankind are chiefly of use to them for such work; for in that direction I can see no end to the work, while in many others a limit does seem possible.
I must think this matter over a little.
I my future work this subject will be treated, as it well deserves, a greater length.
I mysel caught one 370 miles from the coast of Africa, and have heard of other caught at greater distances.
I need give only one instance, namely, the manner i which the fossils of the Devonian system, when this system was firs discovered, were at once recognised by palaeontologists as intermediate i character between those of the overlying carboniferous and underlyin Silurian systems.
I need not particularise.
I need not repeat what has passed.
I need not say how rejoiced I shall be to hear there has been any mistake, but the report is so prevalent that I confess I cannot help trembling.
I need say little about the lovely reaches of the river here.
I need scarcely point out to you the absurdity of all this.
I never heard.
I never knew an instance of it.
I never listened to a distinguished preacher in my life without a sort of envy.
I never loved, I never heard of, you, until that man came home and I began to find myself deceived.
I never saw Mansfield Wood so full of pheasants in my life as this year.
I never saw a place that wanted so much improvement in my life; and it is so forlorn that I do not know what can be done with it.
I never spoke a syllable about it to Sir Thomas, nor he to me.
I never was happier.
I never was so long in company with a girl in my life, trying to entertain her, and succeed so ill! Never met with a girl who looked so grave on me! I must try to get the better of this.
I nodded a yes; and therewith we turned to the left, and went down a gentle slope through some beautiful rose-gardens, laid out on what I took to be the site of Endell Street.
I noted now that there were four more houses of about the same size on the slope away from the river.
I noticed both with these pretty girls and with everybody else we met, that in default of serious news, such as we had heard at Maple-Durham, they were eager to discuss all the little details of life: the weather, the hay-crop, the last new house, the plenty or lack of such and such birds, and so on; and they talked of these things not in a fatuous and conventional way, but as taking, I say, real interest in them.
I noticed by the way that Clara must really rather have felt the contrast between herself as a town madam and this piece of the summer country that we all admired so, for she had rather dressed after Ellen that morning as to thinness and scantiness, and went barefoot also, except for light sandals.
I noticed that people couldn't help looking at me rather hard, and considering my clothes and theirs, I didn't wonder; but whenever they caught my eye they made me a very friendly sign of greeting.
I observed he was hoarse on Thursday night.
I offer nothing but an old necklace.
I often think of Mr. Rushworth's property and independence, and wish them in other hands; but I never think of him.
I once saw Henry the Eighth acted, or I have heard of it from somebody who did, I am not certain which.
I once saw a mule with its legs so much striped that any on might have thought that it was a hybrid zebra; and Mr. W.C. Martin, in hi excellent treatise on the horse, has given a figure of a similar mule.
I only asked information; I only urged you to consider; and I still urge and beg you to think better of your fancies.
I only do the most mechanical kind of weaving, and am in fact but a poor craftsman, unlike Dick here.
I only entreat everybody to believe that exactly at the time when it was quite natural that it should be so, and not a week earlier, Edmund did cease to care about Miss Crawford, and became as anxious to marry Fanny as Fanny herself could desire.
I only know he's dead.
I only meant to observe that it ought not to be lightly engaged in, and that to make it really serviceable to Mrs. Price, and creditable to ourselves, we must secure to the child, or consider ourselves engaged to secure to her hereafter, as circumstances may arise, the provision of a gentlewoman, if no such establishment should offer as you are so sanguine in expecting.
I only said in reply, that from my heart I wished her well, and earnestly hoped that she might soon learn to think more justly, and not owe the most valuable knowledge we could any of us acquire, the knowledge of ourselves and of our duty, to the lessons of affliction, and immediately left the room.
I only want to talk to you.
I only wish I could be more useful; but you see I do all in my power.
I only wish Tom had known his own mind when the carpenters began, for there was the loss of half a day's work about those side-doors.
I only wonder how the good people can keep it up so long.
I opened fourteen nests of F. sanguinea, and found a few slaves in all.
I order fully to realise what they have done it is almost necessary to rea several of the many treatises devoted to this subject, and to inspect th animals.
I ought to ask your pardon for not stopping at one of the houses here or higher up; but a friend, who is living in a very pleasant house in the Maple-Durham meads, particularly wanted me and Clara to come and see him on our way up the Thames; and I thought you wouldn't mind this bit of night travelling.
I ought to have sent you an account of your cousin's first party, but I was lazy, and now it is too long ago; suffice it, that everything was just as it ought to be, in a style that any of her connexions must have been gratified to witness, and that her own dress and manners did her the greatest credit.
I passed his office window; and as it was not shut up, and he had a candle inside, I could scarcely help seeing him.
I plants under culture and placed under new conditions of life, sometimes th male organs and sometimes the female organs become more or less impotent now if we suppose this to occur in ever so slight a degree under nature then, as pollen is already carried regularly from flower to flower, and a a more complete separation of the sexes of our plant would be advantageou on the principle of the division of labour, individuals with this tendenc more and more increased, would be continually favoured or selected, unti at last a complete separation of the sexes might be effected.
I presume that lowness here means that the several part of the organisation have been but little specialised for particula functions; and as long as the same part has to perform diversified work, w can perhaps see why it should remain variable, that is, why natura selection should not have preserved or rejected each little deviation o form so carefully as when the part has to serve for some one specia purpose.
I presume that no one will doub that all such analogous variations are due to the several races of th pigeon having inherited from a common parent the same constitution an tendency to variation, when acted on by similar unknown influences.
I promised him that I would walk there on a Sunday.
I purposely abstain from dates on this occasion, that every one may be at liberty to fix their own, aware that the cure of unconquerable passions, and the transfer of unchanging attachments, must vary much as to time in different people.
I put it to your conscience, whether 'Sir Edmund' would not do more good with all the Bertram property than any other possible 'Sir.' Had the Grants been at home I would not have troubled you, but you are now the only one I can apply to for the truth, his sisters not being within my reach.
I quit such odious subjects as soon as I can, impatient to restore everybody, not greatly in fault themselves, to tolerable comfort, and to have done with all the rest.
I quite detest her.
I really am quite agitated on the subject.
I really had almost begun to suspect it myself, but I refused to admit so much; so I sighed no more, but fell to giving my delightful companion what little pieces of history I knew about the river and its borderlands; and the time passed pleasantly enough; and between the two of us (she was a better sculler than I was, and seemed quite tireless) we kept up fairly well with Dick, hot as the afternoon was, and swallowed up the way at a great rate.
I really know very little of Sotherton.
I refer to a particular point.
I reflecting on them, every one must be struck with astonishment; for the same reasoning power which tells us that most parts and organs ar exquisitely adapted for certain purposes, tells us with equal plainnes that these rudimentary or atrophied organs are imperfect and useless.
I refuse to help you; I refuse to be helped by you.
I regard to subaerial denudation, Mr. Croll shows, by calculating the know amount of sediment annually brought down by certain rivers, relatively t their areas of drainage, that 1,000 feet of solid rock, as it becam gradually disintegrated, would thus be removed from the mean level of th whole area in the course of six million years.
I remember having been muc struck when viewing volcanic islands, which have been worn by the waves an pared all round into perpendicular cliffs of one or two thousand feet i height; for the gentle slope of the lava-streams, due to their formerl liquid state, showed at a glance how far the hard, rocky beds had onc extended into the open ocean.
I remember him.
I remember it perfectly.
I remove all the ants from a group of about a dozen aphides on a dock-plant, an prevented their attendance during several hours.
I repeated these observations on some othe species of Oxalis with the same result; in some of them the movement wa distinct, but was best seen in the young leaves; in others it was extremel slight.
I resisted; it was the impulse of the moment to resist, and still walked on.
I rode fifty yards up the lane, between the church and the house, in order to look about me; and saw how it might all be.
I said nothing, for I was not inclined for mere politeness to him after such very serious talk; but in fact I should liked to have gone on talking with the older man, who could understand something at least of my wonted ways of looking at life, whereas, with the younger people, in spite of all their kindness, I really was a being from another planet.
I said what I could for you; but in good truth, as they stated the case - you must prove yourself to be in your senses as soon as you can by a different conduct; nothing else will satisfy them.
I said, what at the time was true, that I thought it most important; and presently stood entranced by the wonder of her grace as she stepped into the light boat, and held out her hand to me.
I sat somewhat uneasy under this dry gibe.
I sat there an hour one morning waiting for Anderson, with only her and a little girl or two in the room, the governess being sick or run away, and the mother in and out every moment with letters of business, and I could hardly get a word or a look from the young lady -  nothing like a civil answer - she screwed up her mouth, and turned from me with such an air! I did not see her again for a twelvemonth.
I sat three-quarters of an hour in the flower-garden, while Fanny cut the roses; and very pleasant it was, I assure you, but very hot.
I saw her change countenance.
I saw her.
I saw him draw back surprised, and I was sorry that Mrs. Rushworth should resent any former supposed slight to Miss Bertram.
I saw the complications that might follow, as her eyes fixed mine with a curious look in them, that I had seen before at Runnymede, when I had said something which made it difficult for others to understand my present position amongst these people.
I saw the grea importance of individual differences, and this led me fully to discuss th results of unconscious selection by man, which depends on the preservatio of all the more or less valuable individuals, and on the destruction of th worst.
I saw, also, that the preservation in a state of nature of an occasional deviation of structure, such as a monstrosity, would be a rar event; and that, if at first preserved, it would generally be lost b subsequent intercrossing with ordinary individuals.
I say no more; all I say is, strange things.
I say, Bob, you must help me to defend him now.
I see both that you have divined something of this in me; and also I think you will believe me when I tell you of it, so that I am going to hide nothing from you at all.
I see no good reasons why the views given in this volume should shock th religious feelings of any one.
I see no reason to limit the process of modification, as now explained, t the formation of genera alone.
I see nothing alarming in the word.
I see that time is wearing.
I see the house.
I see things very differently now.
I see you take the allusion.
I see, by the way, that you know your Thames well.
I sent Chapman to her.
I shal here confine myself to plants.
I shall be able to write much that I could not say, and shall be giving her time for reflection before she resolves on her answer, and I am less afraid of the result of reflection than of an immediate hasty impulse; I think I am.
I shall be at Mansfield for ever, Fanny.
I shall be at Portsmouth the morning after you receive this, and hope to find you ready to set off for Mansfield.
I shall be here, so you may be quite easy about your aunt.
I shall be very glad to see him.
I shall come on purpose to encourage a young beginner.
I shall get the dairymaid to set them under the first spare hen, and if they come to good I can have them moved to my own house and borrow a coop; and it will be a great delight to me in my lonely hours to attend to them.
I shall go forward and make my neighbour's acquaintance; no, you needn't come; I shall not be a moment.
I shall hardly know myself in a blue dress and a pink satin cloak.
I shall have enough of Portsmouth and of dancing too, when I cannot have you.
I shall have to return to this subject in the chapter on classification but I may add that as, according to this view, extremely few of the mor ancient species have transmitted descendants to the present day, and, a all the descendants of the same species form a class, we can understand ho it is that there exist so few classes in each main division of the anima and vegetable kingdoms.
I shall here discuss this subject with extreme brevity.
I shall hereafter have occasion to show that the exotic Lobeli fulgens is never visited in my garden by insects, and consequently, fro its peculiar structure, never sets a seed.
I shall however, presently have to discuss this branch of the subject in som detail.
I shall let Everingham, and rent a place in this neighbourhood; perhaps Stanwix Lodge.
I shall let a seven years' lease of Everingham.
I shall never forget it.
I shall not be in any doubtful, or distant, or unapproachable region.
I shall reserve for  future work the discussion of these difficulties, and the tables of th proportional numbers of the varying species.
I shall see no one half so amiable where I am going.
I shall speak to my sisters and try to dissuade them, and that is all I can do.
I should be remembered that systematists are far from being pleased a finding variability in important characters, and that there are not man men who will laboriously examine internal and important organs, and compar them in many specimens of the same species.
I should be sorry for you to think that I am careless of a thing so beautiful and interesting as the Thames.
I should call that a month.
I should dearly love to settle you both in this country; and therefore, Henry, you shall marry the youngest Miss Bertram, a nice, handsome, good-humoured, accomplished girl, who will make you very happy.
I should dread the stupidity of the day, if there were not a much greater evil to follow -  the impression it must leave on Sir Thomas.
I should have been much surprised and much hurt by such a proceeding.
I should have been one of the poor, for my father when he was working was a mere tiller of the soil.
I should have thought it a gross violation of duty and respect.
I should have thrashed the man, sir.
I should have wrecked and wasted in one way or another, either by penury or by luxury.
I should like the scheme, and we would make a little circuit, and shew you Everingham in our way, and perhaps you would not mind passing through London, and seeing the inside of St.
I should like to be able to say a word or two to my clerk just now.
I should like to be such a man.
I should like to have given him something: that's all.
I should like to have seen him once more, I confess.
I should like you to tell me how many fathers, lay and clerical, go upstairs every day with a face like a lobster and cod's eyes - and are dull, upon the back of it - not even mirth for the money! No, if that's what she runs for, all I say is, let her run.
I should not have mentioned the subject, though very anxious to know her sentiments; but I had not been in the room five minutes before she began introducing it with all that openness of heart, and sweet peculiarity of manner, that spirit and ingenuousness which are so much a part of herself.
I should not wonder if he is not more than five foot eight.
I should not wonder if you had your orders to-morrow: but you cannot sail with this wind, if you are to cruise to the westward; and Captain Walsh thinks you will certainly have a cruise to the westward, with the Elephant.
I should premise that I use this term in a large and metaphorical sense including dependence of one being on another, and including (which is mor important) not only the life of the individual, but success in leavin progeny.
I should wish to see them very good friends, and would, on no account, authorise in my girls the smallest degree of arrogance towards their relation; but still they cannot be equals.
I shouldn't be at all surprised - mark what I say! - if he got Peter a better situation.
I sketch myself, and you know what that implies.
I smiled.
I some of the crabs the foot-stalk for the eye remains, though the eye i gone; the stand for the telescope is there, though the telescope with it glasses has been lost.
I speak confidently o this latter point, as Sir J. Lubbock made drawings for me, with the camer lucida, of the jaws which I dissected from the workers of the severa sizes.
I species had been independently created, no explanation would have bee possible of this kind of classification; but it is explained throug inheritance and the complex action of natural selection, entailin extinction and divergence of character, as we have seen illustrated in th diagram.
I stared at Dick; for I wondered at his speaking to such a dignified-looking personage so familiarly, not to say curtly; for I thought that this Mr. Boffin, in spite of his well-known name out of Dickens, must be at the least a senator of these strange people.
I stared at her, and drew musical laughter from her again; but I might well stare, for there was not a careful line on her face; her skin was as smooth as ivory, her cheeks full and round, her lips as red as the roses she had brought in; her beautiful arms, which she had bared for her work, firm and well-knit from shoulder to wrist.
I state this because it has been erroneously asserte that the element of time has been assumed by me to play an all-importan part in modifying species, as if all the forms of life were necessaril undergoing change through some innate law.
I stood on the threshold with the expectant smile on my face of a man who is going to take part in a festivity which he is really prepared to enjoy.
I stood out as long as I could, till the tears almost came into her eyes, and I knew it was just the sort that my sister would be delighted with.
I such cases, and endless others could be given, no one supposes that th fertility of the animals or plants has been suddenly and temporaril increased in any sensible degree.
I suppose Mrs. R.'s Easter holidays will not last much longer; no doubt they are thorough holidays to her.
I suppose he thought it best.
I suppose it will not be less.
I suppose this explains that fear, which I hinted at just now, of a possible scarcity in work, which perhaps you have already noticed, and which is a feeling on the increase, and has been for a score of years.
I suppose when we get higher up we shall see one of these; a very important one, which one of these railways entirely closed to the public, so that they might force people to send their goods by their private road, and so tax them as heavily as they could.
I suppose you came into the Guest House after I had gone to bed last night? I nodded, not caring to enter into a long explanation which would have led to nothing, and which in truth by this time I should have begun to doubt myself.
I suppose you have had as little to vex you since you came into this house as any creature in the world.
I suppose, sister, you will put the child in the little white attic, near the old nurseries.
I suspect that cases of this nature occur in Europe.
I suspect that in this comprehensive and (may I say) commonplace censure, you are not judging from yourself, but from prejudiced persons, whose opinions you have been in the habit of hearing.
I suspect that this preponderan migration from the north to the south is due to the greater extent of lan in the north, and to the northern forms having existed in their own home in greater numbers, and having consequently been advanced through natura selection and competition to a higher stage of perfection, or dominatin power, than the southern forms.
I suspect, also, that some of the cases of compensation which have bee advanced, and likewise some other facts, may be merged under a more genera principle, namely, that natural selection is continually trying t economise in every part of the organisation.
I take any part you chuse to give me, so as it be comic.
I thank you fifty times.
I the Hydra, the animal may be turned inside out, and the exterior surfac will then digest and the stomach respire.
I the case of first crosses, the greater or less difficulty in effecting  union and in obtaining offspring apparently depends on several distinc causes.
I the diagram I have assumed that a second species (I) has produced, b analogous steps, after ten thousand generations, either two well-marke varieties (w10 and z10) or two species, according to the amount of chang supposed to be represented between the horizontal lines.
I the five succeeding chapters, the most apparent and gravest difficulties i accepting the theory will be given:  namely, first, the difficulties o transitions, or how a simple being or a simple organ can be changed an perfected into a highly developed being or into an elaborately constructe organ; secondly the subject of instinct, or the mental powers of animals thirdly, hybridism, or the infertility of species and the fertility o varieties when intercrossed; and fourthly, the imperfection of th geological record.
I the series between the extreme perfection of the cells of the hive-bee an the simplicity of those of the humble-bee, we have the cells of the Mexica Melipona domestica, carefully described and figured by Pierre Huber.
I then crossed one of th mongrel barb-fantails with a mongrel barb-spot, and they produced a bird o as beautiful a blue colour, with the white loins, double black wing-bar and barred and white-edged tail-feathers, as any wild rock-pigeon!  We ca understand these facts, on the well-known principle of reversion t ancestral characters, if all the domestic breeds are descended from th rock-pigeon.
I then dug up a smal parcel of the pupae of F. fusca from another nest, and put them down on  bare spot near the place of combat; they were eagerly seized and carrie off by the tyrants, who perhaps fancied that, after all, they had bee victorious in their late combat.
I then put into the hive, instead of a thick, rectangular piece of wax,  thin and narrow, knife-edged ridge, coloured with vermilion.
I then saw him behaving, as it appeared to me, so very improperly and unfeelingly - I may speak of it now because it is all over - so improperly by poor Mr. Rushworth, not seeming to care how he exposed or hurt him, and paying attentions to my cousin Maria, which - in short, at the time of the play, I received an impression which will never be got over.
I think I see him now, trying to be as demure and composed as Anhalt ought, through the two long speeches.
I think I shall certainly write.
I think I shall have Repton.
I think I will have two shawls, Fanny.
I think favourable means of dispersa explain this fact.
I think he is an ill-looking fellow.
I think he values the very quietness you speak of, and that the repose of his own family circle is all he wants.
I think if we had had the disposal of events - if Mansfield Park had had the government of the winds just for a week or two, about the equinox, there would have been a difference.
I think it will be admitted by naturalists, without my entering on details that secondary sexual characters are highly variable.
I think n better evidence of this can be required than that the two most experience observers who have ever lived, namely Kolreuter and Gartner, arrived a diametrically opposite conclusions in regard to some of the very sam forms.
I think nobody can justly accuse me of sparing myself upon any occasion, but really I cannot do everything at once.
I think that every ship ought to have either a barometer or sympiesometer, which is an efficient substitute for a barometer.
I think that the neglect of the use of the barometer has led to the loss of many ships.
I think the house and premises may be made comfortable, and given the air of a gentleman's residence, without any very heavy expense, and that must suffice me; and, I hope, may suffice all who care about me.
I think too well of Miss Bertram to suppose she would ever give her hand without her heart.
I think we are a great deal better employed, sitting comfortably here among ourselves, and doing nothing.
I think you are.
I think you will fit up a theatre at your house in Norfolk.
I think, I hope, I am sure she is not serious; but I would rather not hear it.
I think, Miss Price, we would have indulged ourselves with a week's calm in the Atlantic at that season.
I this case, as with that of the Molothrus or cuckoo, I can see no difficult in natural selection making an occasional habit permanent, if of advantag to the species, and if the insect whose nest and stored food ar feloniously appropriated, be not thus exterminated.
I this case, intermediate varieties between the several representativ species and their common parent, must formerly have existed within eac isolated portion of the land, but these links during the process of natura selection will have been supplanted and exterminated, so that they will n longer be found in a living state.
I thought I could understand you.
I thought I knew the Broadway by the lie of the roads that still met there.
I thought I knew the figure, and sure enough, as she turned her head to us, and showed her beautiful face, I saw with joy that it was none other than the fairy godmother from the abundant garden on Runnymede - Ellen, to wit.
I thought he began to look a little queer, so I turned it off as well as I could, by whispering to him, 'We shall have an excellent Agatha; there is something so maternal in her manner, so completely maternal in her voice and countenance.' Was not that well done of me? He brightened up directly.
I thought it best, in order to get the most direct information, to play the innocent about Eton and Windsor; but Dick volunteered his knowledge to me as we lay in Datchet lock about the first.
I thought it might all pass for nothing with him.
I thought little of his illness at first.
I thought this kind and hospitable in him, considering his obstinacy about his theory; and hastened to say that I did not mean to be angry, only emphatic.
I thought you were against me.
I thought you would have entered more into Miss Crawford's feelings.
I thought, Well after all, he is a waterman, and is considering what he may venture to take.
I told Mrs. Rushworth so.
I told Smith I did not know where I was.
I told her so.
I told them that you were of all human creatures the one over whom habit had most power and novelty least; and that the very circumstance of the novelty of Crawford's addresses was against him.
I took uneasiness with me, and there was no getting rid of it till I was in Mansfield again.
I traced a long file of ants burdened with booty, for about fort yards back, to a very thick clump of heath, whence I saw the las individual of F. sanguinea emerge, carrying a pupa; but I was not able t find the desolated nest in the thick heath.
I treatises on many kinds of cultivated plants, certain varieties are said t withstand certain climates better than others; this is strikingly shown i works on fruit-trees published in the United States, in which certai varieties are habitually recommended for the northern and others for th southern states; and as most of these varieties are of recent origin, the cannot owe their constitutional differences to habit.
I turned a little to my right, and through the hawthorn sprays and long shoots of the wild roses could see the flat country spreading out far away under the sun of the calm evening, till something that might be called hills with a look of sheep-pastures about them bounded it with a soft blue line.
I turned round as we got into mid-stream, and waving my hand to our hosts, saw Ellen leaning on the old man's shoulder, and caressing his healthy apple-red cheek, and quite a keen pang smote me as I thought how I should never see the beautiful girl again.
I turned to Dick, expecting him to lead me forward, and he turned his face to me; but strange to say, though it was as smiling and cheerful as ever, it made no response to my glance - nay, he seemed to take no heed at all of my presence, and I noticed that none of the company looked at me.
I turned to Ellen, and she did seem to recognise me for an instant; but her bright face turned sad directly, and she shook her head with a mournful look, and the next moment all consciousness of my presence had faded from her face.
I understand you - and a very proper plan it is for a person at your time of life, with such limited means and indifferent connexions.
I understand your calculations, but you calculated without me.
I understood that you had the use of this room by way of making you perfectly comfortable.
I used to think she had neither complexion nor countenance; but in that soft skin of hers, so frequently tinged with a blush as it was yesterday, there is decided beauty; and from what I observed of her eyes and mouth, I do not despair of their being capable of expression enough when she has anything to express.
I walked up stream a little, watching the light mist curling up from the river till the sun gained power to draw it all away; saw the bleak speckling the water under the willow boughs, whence the tiny flies they fed on were falling in myriads; heard the great chub splashing here and there at some belated moth or other, and felt almost back again in my boyhood.
I want nothing more.
I want to be set right.
I want to consult you.
I want to know the state of things at Mansfield Park, and you, no doubt, are perfectly able to give it.
I want you at home, that I may have your opinion about Thornton Lacey.
I want you to get them for me in Thymebury.
I want your opinion.
I was a boy here! The Spirit gazed upon him mildly.
I was afraid of the bias of those worldly maxims, which she has been too much used to hear.
I was born to see others happy.
I was glad to see you so well entertained.
I was going to propose that you should live with us where we are going.
I was going to speak to her on the subject, when the pretty waitresses came to us smiling, and chattering sweetly like reed warblers by the river side, and fell to giving us our dinner.
I was in it two years ago, when it was Lady Lascelle's, and prefer it to almost any I know in London, and certainly she will then feel, to use a vulgar phrase, that she has got her pennyworth for her penny.
I was in safe hands.
I was just going in a helpless way to try to make him understand, when we came by the gates of a big rambling building, in which work of some sort seemed going on.
I was led to investigate this subject by Mr. Waterhouse, who has shown tha the form of the cell stands in close relation to the presence of adjoinin cells; and the following view may, perhaps, be considered only as  modification of his theory.
I was like a man stunned.
I was making rather merry yesterday, sir.
I was merely joking.
I was most kindly pressed, and had nearly consented.
I was near the edge of the crowd, towards the soldiers,' says this eye-witness, 'and I saw three little machines being wheeled out in front of the ranks, which I knew for mechanical guns.
I was not explicit enough with him before.
I was not three yards from the two women who, though they had been my companions for such a short time, had really, as I thought, become my friends.
I was playing the fool with my eyes open.
I was quiet, but I was not blind.
I was quite astonished.
I was ready to move heaven and earth to persuade my sister, and at last I did persuade her.
I was sorry for him that he should have so mistaken his powers, for he was no more equal to the Baron - a little man with a weak voice, always hoarse after the first ten minutes.
I was suddenly, upon turning the corner of a steepish downy field, in the midst of a retired little village between gently rising hills; a small stream before me to be forded, a church standing on a sort of knoll to my right -  which church was strikingly large and handsome for the place, and not a gentleman or half a gentleman's house to be seen excepting one - to be presumed the Parsonage -  within a stone's throw of the said knoll and church.
I was surprised to see Sir Henry such a stick.
I was taken ashore again at Godstow, to see the remains of the old nunnery, pretty nearly in the same condition as I had remembered them; and from the high bridge over the cut close by, I could see, even in the twilight, how beautiful the little village with its grey stone houses had become; for we had now come into the stone-country, in which every house must be either built, walls and roof, of grey stone or be a blot on the landscape.
I was thinking of earlier days than that.
I was three weeks in London, and saw her (for London) very often.
I was told afterwards that the soldiers on the west side had fired also, and done their part of the slaughter.
I was told by breeder that they differed just as much as their parents, and this, judging by th eye, seemed almost to be the case; but on actually measuring the old dog and their six-days-old puppies, I found that the puppies had not acquire nearly their full amount of proportional difference.
I was upon the platform two hours this afternoon looking at her.
I was very much pleased with what I collected to have been your behaviour on the occasion; it shewed a discretion highly to be commended.
I was very much shocked then to see how it was built-over and altered; and the other day we heard that the philistines were going to landscape-garden it.
I watched them for som time through a lens, but not one excreted; I then tickled and stroked the with a hair in the same manner, as well as I could, as the ants do wit their antennae; but not one excreted.
I we admire the truly wonderful power of scent by which the males of man insects find their females, can we admire the production for this singl purpose of thousands of drones, which are utterly useless to the communit for any other purpose, and which are ultimately slaughtered by thei industrious and sterile sisters?  It may be difficult, but we ought t admire the savage instinctive hatred of the queen-bee, which urges her t destroy the young queens, her daughters, as soon as they are born, or t perish herself in the combat; for undoubtedly this is for the good of th community; and maternal love or maternal hatred, though the latte fortunately is most rare, is all the same to the inexorable principles o natural selection.
I we forget for an instant that each species tends to increase inordinately and that some check is always in action, yet seldom perceived by us, th whole economy of nature will be utterly obscured.
I we look even to the two main divisions - namely, to the animal and vegetabl kingdoms - certain low forms are so far intermediate in character tha naturalists have disputed to which kingdom they should be referred.
I went down to Ramsgate for a week with a friend last September, just after my return from the West Indies.
I went forth last night on compulsion, and I learnt a lesson which is working now.
I will answer for it that we shall find no inconvenience from narrow roads on Wednesday.
I will ask Sir Thomas, as soon as he comes in, whether I can do without her.
I will ask you a question or two presently about that.
I will come and see you as soon as I come back to London.
I will devote this chapter to the consideration of various miscellaneou objections which have been advanced against my views, as some of th previous discussions may thus be made clearer; but it would be useless t discuss all of them, as many have been made by writers who have not take the trouble to understand the subject.
I will give a fe illustrations of the foregoing remarks:  in the Galapagos Islands there ar twenty-six land birds; of these twenty-one (or perhaps twenty-three) ar peculiar; whereas of the eleven marine birds only two are peculiar; and i is obvious that marine birds could arrive at these islands much more easil and frequently than land-birds.
I will give my friend call; he is living in the Guest House like you, and if he isn't up yet, he ought to be this fine summer morning.
I will give one other instance:  for this subject of th same end being gained by the most diversified means well deserve attention.
I will give onl one, as likewise illustrating one step in the separation of the sexes o plants.
I will give only a fe instances.
I will give only a single instance, which, though  simple one, interested me.
I will here allude to only two causes o obscurity.
I will here give a brief sketch of the progress of opinion on the Origin o Species.
I will here only allude to what may b called correlated variation.
I will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future.
I will look something out for him before he gets up to-morrow.
I will make her very happy, Mary; happier than she has ever yet been herself, or ever seen anybody else.
I will not attempt any definition of instinct.
I will not be prevented, however, from making my own communication.
I will not be put off.
I will not be the man I must have been but for this intercourse.
I will not entirely give it up, however; I will try what can be done - I will look it over again.
I will not gainsay it, Spirit.
I will not here enter o these several cases, but will confine myself to one special difficulty which at first appeared to me insuperable, and actually fatal to the whol theory.
I will not here enter on minute details on this subject, but will merel give an outline of the conclusions at which I have arrived.
I will not leave you to wonder long.
I will not permit you even to gain time by your fencing.
I will not say that the people of that time foresaw the life we are leading now, but there was a general instinct amongst them towards the essential part of that life, and many men saw clearly beyond the desperate struggle of the day into the peace which it was to bring about.
I will not shut out the lessons that they teach.
I will not take her from Northamptonshire.
I will not, however, here give any instances, for I see hardl any way of distinguishing between the effects, on the one hand, of a par being largely developed through natural selection and another and adjoinin part being reduced by the same process or by disuse, and, on the othe hand, the actual withdrawal of nutriment from one part owing to the exces of growth in another and adjoining part.
I will now briefly recapitulate the foregoin cases.
I will now give two or three instances, both of diversified and of change habits, in the individuals of the same species.
I will now say a few words on the circumstances, favourable or the reverse to man's power of selection.
I will say, then, that we have seen him two or three times, and that my friends here are very much struck with his gentlemanlike appearance.
I will selec only three, namely, the instinct which leads the cuckoo to lay her eggs i other birds' nests; the slave-making instinct of certain ants; and th cell-making power of the hive-bee:  these two latter instincts hav generally and justly been ranked by naturalists as the most wonderful o all known instincts.
I will send Nanny to London on purpose, and she may have a bed at her cousin the saddler's, and the child be appointed to meet her there.
I will specify one difficult case.
I will tell you all about Epping Forest when I was a boy, if you please; and as to my age, I'm not a fine lady, you know, so why shouldn't I tell you? I'm hard on fifty-six.
I will the pass on to the variability of species in a state of nature; but I shall unfortunately, be compelled to treat this subject far too briefly, as i can be treated properly only by giving long catalogues of facts.
I will, I believe, be found universally true, that wherever in two regions let them be ever so distant, many closely allied or representative specie occur, there will likewise be found some identical species; and whereve many closely-allied species occur, there will be found many forms whic some naturalists rank as distinct species, and others as mere varieties these doubtful forms showing us the steps in the process of modification.
I will, however, give one curious and complex case, not indeed as affectin any important character, but from occurring in several species of the sam genus, partly under domestication and partly under nature.
I will, therefore, only add, as thinking it my duty to mark my opinion of your conduct, that you have disappointed every expectation I had formed, and proved yourself of a character the very reverse of what I had supposed.
I wish I could see Cassiopeia.
I wish I had settled with Mrs. Fraser not to go to her till after Easter, a much better time for the visit, but now I cannot put her off.
I wish I had space here to give a fuller abstrac of Mr. Agassiz's interesting observations on the development of th pedicellariae.
I wish Margaret were married, for my poor friend's sake, for I look upon the Frasers to be about as unhappy as most other married people.
I wish he had known you as well as I do, Fanny.
I wish he had not been obliged to tell you what he was trying for.
I wish he may go to the East Indies, that I may have my shawl.
I wish my good aunt would be a little less busy! And to ask me in such a way too! without ceremony, before them all, so as to leave me no possibility of refusing.
I wish only to show that this is not incredible, an that the immense plates of baleen in the Greenland whale might have bee developed from such lamellae by finely graduated steps, each of service t its possessor.
I wish the discovery may do them any good.
I wish there may not be a little sulkiness of temper - her poor mother had a good deal; but we must make allowances for such a child - and I do not know that her being sorry to leave her home is really against her, for, with all its faults, it was her home, and she cannot as yet understand how much she has changed for the better; but then there is moderation in all things.
I wish they met more frequently! I hope she does not suppose there is any dislike on his side.
I wish they would stay at home.
I wish we could contrive it.
I wish we could get the bell mended; but Betsey is a very handy little messenger.
I wish we could stop there: but perhaps we had better do that coming down the water.
I wish you could have overheard her tribute of praise; I wish you could have seen her countenance, when she said that you should be Henry's wife.
I wish you had saved yourself this walk home.
I wish you may not be fatigued by so much exercise.
I wish you would not be so quarrelsome.
I wonder my son did not propose it.
I wonder what she thinks of my father! She must admire him as a fine-looking man, with most gentlemanlike, dignified, consistent manners; but perhaps, having seen him so seldom, his reserve may be a little repulsive.
I wonder you dare speak to me about that man.
I wonder, by the way, whether I couldn't hire him as a guide for a day or two, since he is so intelligent.
I would almost as soo believe that the cat curls the end of its tail when preparing to spring, i order to warn the doomed mouse.
I would be almost superfluous to adduce evidence in support of the statement that ordinary specific characters are more variable than generic; but wit respect to important characters, I have repeatedly noticed in works o natural history, that when an author remarks with surprise that som important organ or part, which is generally very constant throughout  large group of species, DIFFERS considerably in closely-allied species, i is often VARIABLE in the individuals of the same species.
I would be impossible to name one of the higher animals in which some part o other is not in a rudimentary condition.
I would have everybody marry if they can do it properly: I do not like to have people throw themselves away; but everybody should marry as soon as they can do it to advantage.
I would have everything as complete as possible in the country, shrubberies and flower-gardens, and rustic seats innumerable: but it must all be done without my care.
I would have everything done in the best style, and made as nice as possible.
I would not allow myself yesterday to say how delighted, or to repeat half that the Admiral said in his praise.
I would not dwell upon them if I could.
I would not have the shadow of a coolness between the two whose intimacy I have been observing with the greatest pleasure, and in whose characters there is so much general resemblance in true generosity and natural delicacy as to make the few slight differences, resulting principally from situation, no reasonable hindrance to a perfect friendship.
I would rather abide by my own blunders than by his.
I would rather have an inferior degree of beauty, of my own choice, and acquired progressively.
I would spell it, read it, write it with anybody.
I would tell him all.
I wouldn't lose sight of her, as I felt sure they would come together again: and Dick, who is the best of good fellows, really took the matter to heart.
I'd rather be a baby.
I'll let out all my cats, even unto seventy times seven.
I'll retire to Bedlam.
I'll show you upstairs, if you please.
I'm a pretty good mower.
I'm glad of it.
I'm glad you got up early; it's barely five o'clock yet.
I'm in a communicative vein to-night.
I'm in what I call 'the stage, and all I desire is a listener, although he were deaf, to be as happy as Nebuchadnezzar.
I'm not afraid to be the first, nor afraid for them to see it.
I'm quite a baby.
I've been studying you, and it's over.
If  different case had been taken, and it had been asked how an insectivorou quadruped could possibly have been converted into a flying bat, th question would have been far more difficult to answer.
If I am missed, it will appear.
If I am uneasy, if I am alarmed, if-.
If I can be of service to you in any way', he said, giving me his card, 'that's where I live.
If I could suppose my aunt really to care for me, it would be delightful to feel myself of consequence to anybody.
If I did not believe that she had some regard for me, of course I should not say this, but I do believe it.
If I ha space I could quote numerous passages to this effect from highly competen authorities.
If I lose the game, it shall not be from not striving for it.
If I may say what I think of it, it is that he had better have his fill of gloom now, and, so to say, wake up presently to see how little need there has been for it; and then he will live happily afterwards.
If I must give my opinion, I have always thought it the most insipid play in the English language.
If I was astonished with my sight of the river banks, I was no less astonished at my waterman, now that I had time to look at him and see him with my head and eyes clear.
If I was to stop you half-a-crown for it, you'd think yourself ill-used, I'll be bound? The clerk smiled faintly.
If I were to undertake it, I should only disappoint you.
If I were you, I should not think of the expense.
If Lady Bertram, with all her incompetency and languor, could feel this, the inference of what her niece, alive and enlightened as she was, must feel, was elevating.
If Mozart, instead of playing the pianoforte at three year old with wonderfully little practice, had played a tune with no practice a all, be might truly be said to have done so instinctively.
If Mr. Crawford remembered her message to her cousin, she thought it very likely, most likely, that he would write to her at all events; it would be most consistent with his usual kindness; and till she got rid of this idea, till it gradually wore off, by no letters appearing in the course of three or four days more, she was in a most restless, anxious state.
If Mr. Crawford would but go away! That was what she most earnestly desired: go and take his sister with him, as he was to do, and as he returned to Mansfield on purpose to do.
If Mrs. Rushworth could imagine any interfering obligations, Julia was certainly able to quit London whenever she chose.
If Tom is up, I shall go to him directly and get it over, and when we meet at breakfast we shall be all in high good-humour at the prospect of acting the fool together with such unanimity.
If a fair balance be struck between the good and evil caused b each part, each will be found on the whole advantageous.
If a gale sets in from the Eastward or S.E., and the wind veers by the South, the barometer will continue falling until the wind becomes S.W. when a comparative lull may occur; after which the gale will be renewed and the shifting of the wind towards the N.W will be indicated by a fall of the thermometer as well as a rise of the barometer.
If a long pipe, closed at one end only, were emptied of air, filled wit water, the open end kept in water and the pipe held upright, the water would rise in it more than thirty feet.
If a number of species, after having long compete with each other in their old home, were to migrate in a body into a new an afterwards isolated country, they would be little liable to modification for neither migration nor isolation in themselves effect anything.
If a part is insignificant, the greater our credit in making anything of it.
If a thermometer have a piece of linen tied round the bulb, wetted enough to keep it damp by a thread or wick dipping into a cup of water it will show less heat than a dry one, in proportion to the dryness of the air, and quickness of drying.
If a variety were to flourish so as to excee in numbers the parent species, it would then rank as the species, and th species as the variety; or it might come to supplant and exterminate th parent species; or both might co-exist, and both rank as independen species.
If a working ant or other neuter insect had been an ordinary animal,  should have unhesitatingly assumed that all its characters had been slowl acquired through natural selection; namely, by individuals having been bor with slight profitable modifications, which were inherited by th offspring, and that these again varied and again were selected, and s onwards.
If about a dozen genera of birds were to become extinct, who would hav ventured to surmise that birds might have existed which used their wing solely as flappers, like the logger headed duck (Micropterus of Eyton); a fins in the water and as front legs on the land, like the penguin; a sails, like the ostrich; and functionally for no purpose, like the apteryx? Yet the structure of each of these birds is good for it, under th conditions of life to which it is exposed, for each has to live by  struggle:  but it is not necessarily the best possible under all possibl conditions.
If all pedunculated cirripedes ha become extinct, and they have suffered far more extinction than hav sessile cirripedes, who would ever have imagined that the branchiae in thi latter family had originally existed as organs for preventing the ova fro being washed out of the sack There is another possible mode of transition, namely, through th acceleration or retardation of the period of reproduction.
If an animal can in any way protect its own eggs or young,  small number may be produced, and yet the average stock be fully kept up but if many eggs or young are destroyed, many must be produced or th species will become extinct.
If any man ever loved a woman for ever, I think Henry will do as much for you.
If any well marked distinction existed between  domestic race and a species, this source of doubt would not so perpetuall recur.
If anybody had told me a year ago that this place would be my home, that I should be spending month after month here, as I have done, I certainly should not have believed them.
If anything of this kind had happened some years before, when the masters of labour were still looked upon as the natural rulers of the people, and even the poorest and most ignorant man leaned upon them for support, while they submitted to their fleecing, the entire break-up of all society would have followed.
If by any officious exertions of his, she is induced to leave Henry's protection, there will be much less chance of his marrying her than if she remain with him.
If by this term it is meant that an extinct form is directl intermediate in all its characters between two living forms or groups, th objection is probably valid.
If calico ain't good enough for such a purpose, it isn't good enough for anything.
If closely kept up, it will prove to be of utility, and will in some degree reward the trouble of keeping a regular record.
If dear Julia were at home, or dearest Mrs. Rushworth at Sotherton, to afford a reason, an occasion for such a thing, you would be tempted to give the young people a dance at Mansfield.
If each aperture be opened at the same moment, equal effects will be caused if each half of the fluid towards either end of the vessel, but in the middle there must be a neutral point at which the water falls, yet has no horizontal motion.
If each smooth tile had been a blank at first, with power to shape some picture on its surface from the disjointed fragments of his thoughts, there would have been a copy of old Marley's head on every one.
If ever there was a perfect beauty afloat, she is one; and there she lays at Spithead, and anybody in England would take her for an eight-and-twenty.
If ever you make a book out of this conversation, put this in a chapter by itself, after the model of old Horrebow's Snakes in Iceland.
If for instance, the digit of an adult animal was used less and less durin many generations, owing to some change of habits, or if an organ or glan was less and less functionally exercised, we may infer that it would becom reduced in size in the adult descendants of this animal, but would retai nearly its original standard of development in the embryo.
If gifted with thes qualities, and he studies his subject for years, and devotes his lifetim to it with indomitable perseverance, he will succeed, and may make grea improvements; if he wants any of these qualities, he will assuredly fail.
If green woodpeckers alone had existed, and we did not know that there wer many black and pied kinds, I dare say that we should have thought that th green colour was a beautiful adaptation to conceal this tree-frequentin bird from its enemies; and consequently that it was a character o importance, and had been acquired through natural selection; as it is, th colour is probably in chief part due to sexual selection.
If he could have helped it, he and his child would have been farther apart perhaps than they were.
If he could only be there first, and catch Bob Cratchit coming late! That was the thing he had set his heart upon.
If he could so command his affections, hers should do her no harm.
If he fled into a new land, and among none but strangers, he might escape his destiny, who knew? and begin again light-heartedly.
If he knew them better, he would value their society as it deserves; for they are in fact exactly the sort of people he would like.
If he wanted, he would send for her; and even to offer an early return was a presumption which hardly anything would have seemed to justify.
If he would now speak to her with the unreserve which had sometimes been too much for her before, it would be most consoling; but that she found was not to be.
If her aunt's feelings were against her, nothing could be hoped from attacking her understanding.
If however, the modified offspring of a species get into some distinc country, or become quickly adapted to some quite new station, in whic offspring and progenitor do not come into competition, both may continue t exist.
If in addition we torture the man, we turn his grief into anger, and the humiliation he would otherwise feel for his wrong-doing is swallowed up by a hope of revenge for our wrong-doing to him.
If it be so, I am sure you must be included in that part, that discerning part, and therefore entreat you to let me know how far I have been rightly informed.
If it could be proved that any part of th structure of any one species had been formed for the exclusive good o another species, it would annihilate my theory, for such could not hav been produced through natural selection.
If it could be shown that our domesti varieties manifested a strong tendency to reversion - that is, to lose thei acquired characters, while kept under the same conditions and while kept i a considerable body, so that free intercrossing might check, by blendin together, any slight deviations in their structure, in such case, I gran that we could deduce nothing from domestic varieties in regard to species.
If it had not been for that, we should have carried on the garden wall, and made the plantation to shut out the churchyard, just as Dr. Grant has done.
If it hadn't happened to me before, I should have thought it was your doing, guest; that you had thrown a kind of evil charm over me.
If it has taken centuries or thousands of years to improve o modify most of our plants up to their present standard of usefulness t man, we can understand how it is that neither Australia, the Cape of Goo Hope, nor any other region inhabited by quite uncivilised man, has afforde us a single plant worth culture.
If it is not what you wish yourself, I have done.
If it is yours, I recommend to your notice an old Norwegian folk-lore tale called How the Man minded the House, or some such title; the result of which minding was that, after various tribulations, the man and the family cow balanced each other at the end of a rope, the man hanging halfway up the chimney, the cow dangling from the roof, which, after the fashion of the country, was of turf and sloping down low to the ground.
If it natural power of increase be allowed to act, it can succeed in increasin (the country not undergoing any change in conditions) only by its varyin descendants seizing on places at present occupied by other animals:  som of them, for instance, being enabled to feed on new kinds of prey, eithe dead or alive; some inhabiting new stations, climbing trees, frequentin water, and some perhaps becoming less carnivorous.
If it profit a plant to have its seeds more an more widely disseminated by the wind, I can see no greater difficulty i this being effected through natural selection, than in the cotton-plante increasing and improving by selection the down in the pods on hi cotton-trees.
If it were no advantage, these forms would be left by natural selection, unimproved or but little improved, and might remai for indefinite ages in their present lowly condition.
If it were not for this baldness, and a kind of crapulous air I can't disguise from myself - if it weren't for this and that and t'other thing - I - I've forgot what I was saying.
If its average numbers are to increase in its new home we should have to modify it in a different way to what we should have ha to do in its native country; for we should have to give it some advantag over a different set of competitors or enemies.
If many allied forms be developed from the successfu intruder, many will have to yield their places; and it will generally b the allied forms, which will suffer from some inherited inferiority i common.
If many extinct forms were to b discovered above one of the middle horizontal lines or geologica formations - for instance, above No. VI. - but none from beneath this line then only two of the families (those on the left hand a14, etc., and b14 etc.) would have to be united into one; and there would remain two familie which would be less distinct from each other than they were before th discovery of the fossils.
If monstrous forms of this kind ever d appear in a state of nature and are capable of reproduction (which is no always the case), as they occur rarely and singly, their preservation woul depend on unusually favourable circumstances.
If not one head of game were shot during the nex twenty years in England, and, at the same time, if no vermin wer destroyed, there would, in all probability, be less game than at present although hundreds of thousands of game animals are now annually shot.
If numerous species, belonging t the same genera or families, have really started into life at once, th fact would be fatal to the theory of evolution through natural selection.
If other people think Sotherton improved, I have no doubt that you will.
If others have blundered, it is your place to put them right, and shew them what true delicacy is.
If our systematic arrangements can be trusted, that is, i the genera of animals are as distinct from each other as are the genera o plants, then we may infer that animals more widely distinct in the scale o nature can be crossed more easily than in the case of plants; but th hybrids themselves are, I think, more sterile.
If selection consiste merely in separating some very distinct variety and breeding from it, th principle would be so obvious as hardly to be worth notice; but it importance consists in the great effect produced by the accumulation in on direction, during successive generations, of differences absolutel inappreciable by an uneducated eye - differences which I for one have vainl attempted to appreciate.
If several triflin characters are always found in combination, though no apparent bond o connexion can be discovered between them, especial value is set on them.
If she could have believed Mary's future fate as unconnected with Mansfield as she was determined the brother's should be, if she could have hoped her return thither to be as distant as she was much inclined to think his, she would have been light of heart indeed; but the more she recollected and observed, the more deeply was she convinced that everything was now in a fairer train for Miss Crawford's marrying Edmund than it had ever been before.
If she had been riding before, I should not have asked it of her.
If she had felt impatience and regret before - if she had been sorry for what she said, and feared its too strong effect on him - she now felt and feared it all tenfold more.
If she would but have let us know she was going out but there is a something about Fanny, I have often observed it before - she likes to go her own way to work; she does not like to be dictated to; she takes her own independent walk whenever she can; she certainly has a little spirit of secrecy, and independence, and nonsense, about her, which I would advise her to get the better of.
If so take down the instrument (after sloping), reverse it, tap the tub gently while the cistern end is upwards, and then replace as before.
If so, it will hardly be denied that th points might have been converted through variation and natural selectio into lamellae as well-developed as those of the Egyptian goose, in whic case they would have been used both for seizing objects and for sifting th water; then into lamellae like those of the domestic duck; and so onward until they became as well constructed as those of the shoveller, in whic case they would have served exclusively as a sifting apparatus.
If so, the position of th ovules, even when one is erect and the other suspended within the sam ovarium, would follow the selection of any slight deviations in positio which favoured their fertilisation, and the production of seed.
If species be only well-marked and permanent varieties, we can at once se why their crossed offspring should follow the same complex laws in thei degrees and kinds of resemblance to their parents - in being absorbed int each other by successive crosses, and in other such points - as do th crossed offspring of acknowledged varieties.
If strange and rar deviations of structure are truly inherited, less strange and commone deviations may be freely admitted to be inheritable.
If such gradations were not all fully preserved, transitiona varieties would merely appear as so many new, though closely allie species.
If such occurred under nature, they would be liable, a formerly explained, to be lost by accidental causes of destruction and b subsequent intercrossing; and so it is known to be under domestication unless abrupt variations of this kind are specially preserved and separate by the care of man.
If tenderness could be ever supposed wanting, good sense and good breeding supplied its place; and as to the little irritations sometimes introduced by aunt Norris, they were short, they were trifling, they were as a drop of water to the ocean, compared with the ceaseless tumult of her present abode.
If th conditions had gone on, however slowly, becoming less and less favourable we assuredly should not have perceived the fact, yet the fossil horse woul certainly have become rarer and rarer, and finally extinct - its place bein seized on by some more successful competitor.
If th conditions of life change and the form undergoes modification, uniformit of character can be given to the modified offspring, solely by natura selection preserving similar favourable variations.
If th teleosteans had really appeared suddenly in the northern hemisphere at th commencement of the chalk formation, the fact would have been highl remarkable; but it would not have formed an insuperable difficulty, unles it could likewise have been shown that at the same period the species wer suddenly and simultaneously developed in other quarters of the world.
If that's not high praise, tell me higher, and I'll use it.
If the Ornithorhynchus had been covered with feather instead of hair, this external and trifling character would have bee considered by naturalists as an important aid in determining the degree o affinity of this strange creature to birds.
If the Pallasian doctrine of the elimination of sterility throug long-continued domestication be admitted, and it can hardly be rejected, i becomes in the highest degree improbable that similar conditions long continued should likewise induce this tendency; though in certain cases with species having a peculiar constitution, sterility might occasionall be thus caused.
If the Rushworths were gone themselves to Mansfield, as was to be inferred from what Miss Crawford said, it was not likely that anything unpleasant should have preceded them, or at least should make any impression.
If the barometer has been about its ordinary height, say near thirty inches, at the sea level,and is steady, or rising - while the thermometer falls, and dampness becomes less - North-westerly, Northerly or North-easterly wind - or less wind - may be expected.
If the country were open on its borders, new forms would certainl immigrate, and this would likewise seriously disturb the relations of som of the former inhabitants.
If the difficulties be not insuperable in admitting that in the long cours of time all the individuals of the same species, and likewise of th several species belonging to the same genus, have proceeded from some on source; then all the grand leading facts of geographical distribution ar explicable on the theory of migration, together with subsequen modification and the multiplication of new forms.
If the division is a close one, the question is again put off for further discussion; if the division is a wide one, the minority are asked if they will yield to the more general opinion, which they often, nay, most commonly do.
If the existence of the same species a distant and isolated points of the earth's surface can in many instances b explained on the view of each species having migrated from a singl birthplace; then, considering our ignorance with respect to forme climatical and geographical changes, and to the various occasional means o transport, the belief that a single birthplace is the law seems to m incomparably the safest.
If the extreme forms in th genus happen to have been thus destroyed, the genus itself will stand mor distinct from other allied genera.
If the good Saint Dunstan had but nipped the Evil Spirit's nose with a touch of such weather as that, instead of using his familiar weapons, then indeed he would have roared to lusty purpose.
If the harvest mous had been more strictly arboreal, it would perhaps have had its tai rendered structurally prehensile, as is the case with some members of th same order.
If the inhabitants of one continent formerly differed greatl from those of another continent, so will their modified descendants stil differ in nearly the same manner and degree.
If the man of the minority does find his feelings hurt, doubtless he may relieve them by refusing to help in building the bridge.
If the man who holds it is so, it is by the neglect of his duty, by foregoing its just importance, and stepping out of his place to appear what he ought not to appear.
If the measure of a height rather greater than the aneroid will commonly show, be required, it may be re-set thus - when at the upper station (within its range), and having noted the reading carefully, touch the screw behind so as to bring back the hand a few inches (if the instrument will admit), then read off and start again.
If the mercury should not descend at first by a few gentle taps, use sharper (but of course without violence), by which, and two or three taps, with the finger ends, on the tube - between the scale and the tangent screw - the mercury will be made to begin to descend.
If the names of the groups had been simply written down in  linear series the representation would have been still less natural; and i is notoriously not possible to represent in a series, on a flat surface the affinities which we discover in nature among the beings of the sam group.
If the new variety wer successful in its battle for life, it would slowly spread from a centra district, competing with and conquering the unchanged individuals on th margins of an ever-increasing circle.
If the number of the species included withi a genus, or the number of the genera within a family, be represented by  vertical line of varying thickness, ascending through the successiv geological formations, in which the species are found, the line wil sometimes falsely appear to begin at its lower end, not in a sharp point but abruptly; it then gradually thickens upwards, often keeping of equa thickness for a space, and ultimately thins out in the upper beds, markin the decrease and final extinction of the species.
If the numbers be wholly kept down by th causes just indicated, as will often have been the case, natural selectio will be powerless in certain beneficial directions; but this is no vali objection to its efficiency at other times and in other ways; for we ar far from having any reason to suppose that many species ever underg modification and improvement at the same time in the same area.
If the observer be stationary, in North latitude, and the centre pass of his polar side, he will experience a change of wind from Southward by the West towards North; but if it pass between him and the Equator, the change will be from Southward by the East towards North; but otherwise in South latitude, as his place in circles sketched will show more clearly than words.
If the old bird profited by this occasional habi through being enabled to emigrate earlier or through any other cause; or i the young were made more vigorous by advantage being taken of the mistake instinct of another species than when reared by their own mother encumbered as she could hardly fail to be by having eggs and young o different ages at the same time, then the old birds or the fostered youn would gain an advantage.
If the part is trifling she will have more credit in making something of it; and if she is so desperately bent against everything humorous, let her take Cottager's speeches instead of Cottager's wife's, and so change the parts all through; he is solemn and pathetic enough, I am sure.
If the plants inhabiting a country as described in any Flora, be divide into two equal masses, all those in the larger genera (i.e., thos including many species) being placed on one side, and all those in th smaller genera on the other side, the former will be found to include  somewhat larger number of the very common and much diffused or dominan species.
If the recor is as fragmentary as many geologists strenuously assert, there is nothin strange in new forms appearing as if suddenly developed.
If the several breeds are not varieties, and hav not proceeded from the rock-pigeon, they must have descended from at leas seven or eight aboriginal stocks; for it is impossible to make the presen domestic breeds by the crossing of any lesser number:  how, for instance could a pouter be produced by crossing two breeds unless one of th parent-stocks possessed the characteristic enormous crop?  The suppose aboriginal stocks must all have been rock-pigeons, that is, they did no breed or willingly perch on trees.
If the several formation in these regions have not been deposited during the same exact periods -  formation in one region often corresponding with a blank interval in th other - and if in both regions the species have gone on slowly changin during the accumulation of the several formations and during the lon intervals of time between them; in this case the several formations in th two regions could be arranged in the same order, in accordance with th general succession of the forms of life, and the order would falsely appea to be strictly parallel; nevertheless the species would not all be the sam in the apparently corresponding stages in the two regions.
If their presence prove useful to the species which had seized them - if it were more advantageou to this species, to capture workers than to procreate them - the habit o collecting pupae, originally for food, might by natural selection b strengthened and rendered permanent for the very different purpose o raising slaves.
If then there be some degree of truth in these remarks, we have no right t expect to find, in our geological formations, an infinite number of thos fine transitional forms, which, on our theory, have connected all the pas and present species of the same group into one long and branching chain o life.
If there exist savages so barbarous as never to think of the inherite character of the offspring of their domestic animals, yet any one anima particularly useful to them, for any special purpose, would be carefull preserved during famines and other accidents, to which savages are s liable, and such choice animals would thus generally leave more offsprin than the inferior ones; so that in this case there would be a kind o unconscious selection going on.
If there is risk of the instrument striking anywhere when the vessel is much inclined, it will be desirable either to put some soft padding of that place, or to check movement in that direction by a light elastic cord; in fixing which, attention must be paid to have it acting only where risk of a blow begins, not interfering otherwise with the free swing of the instrument: a very light cord attached above, when possible, will be least likely to interfere injuriously.
If there must be sundering betwixt those who meant never to sunder, so it must be: but there need be no pretext of unity when the reality of it is gone: nor do we drive those who well know that they are incapable of it to profess an undying sentiment which they cannot really feel: thus it is that as that monstrosity of venal lust is no longer possible, so also it is no longer needed.
If these shadows remain unaltered by the Future, the child will die.
If they are gone, I would lay my life they are only gone to Mansfield Park, and Julia with them.
If they are not perfect, I shall be surprised.
If they find a characte nearly uniform, and common to a great number of forms, and not common t others, they use it as one of high value; if common to some lesser number they use it as of subordinate value.
If they persist in the scheme, they will find something.
If they profess a disinclination for it, I only set it down that they have not yet seen the right person.
If they refuse, the question is debated a third time, when, if the minority has not perceptibly grown, they always give way; though I believe there is some half-forgotten rule by which they might still carry it on further; but I say, what always happens is that they are convinced, not perhaps that their view is the wrong one, but they cannot persuade or force the community to adopt it.
If they rise, or disperse, the weather will improve, or become fine.
If they were at home to grace the ball, a ball you would have this very Christmas.
If this had been effected, who would have ever imagined that in an earl transitional state they had been inhabitants of the open ocean, and ha used their incipient organs of flight exclusively, so far as we know, t escape being devoured by other fish When we see any structure highly perfected for any particular habit, as th wings of a bird for flight, we should bear in mind that animals displayin early transitional grades of the structure will seldom have survived to th present day, for they will have been supplanted by their successors, whic were gradually rendered more perfect through natural selection.
If this had occurred, w should meet with the same form, independently of genetic connection recurring in widely separated geological formations; and the balance o evidence is opposed to any such an admission.
If this were the case the process of laying and hatchin might be inconveniently long, more especially as she migrates at a ver early period; and the first hatched young would probably have to be fed b the male alone.
If turf which has long been mown, and the case would be th same with turf closely browsed by quadrupeds, be let to grow, the mor vigorous plants gradually kill the less vigorous, though fully grow plants; thus out of twenty species grown on a little plot of mown tur (three feet by four) nine species perished, from the other species bein allowed to grow up freely.
If tw species belonging to two distinct though allied genera, had both produced  large number of new and divergent forms, it is conceivable that these migh approach each other so closely that they would have all to be classed unde the same genus; and thus the descendants of two distinct genera woul converge into one.
If two moments, however, can surround with difficulties, a third can disperse them; and before she had opened the letter, the possibility of Mr. and Miss Crawford's having applied to her uncle and obtained his permission was giving her ease.
If two o three, or even more linking forms were discovered, they would simply b ranked by many naturalists as so many new species, more especially if foun in different geological substages, let their differences be ever so slight.
If under changed condition of life a structure, before useful, becomes less useful, its diminutio will be favoured, for it will profit the individual not to have it nutriment wasted in building up a useless structure.
If under changing conditions of life organic beings present individua differences in almost every part of their structure, and this cannot b disputed; if there be, owing to their geometrical rate of increase,  severe struggle for life at some age, season or year, and this certainl cannot be disputed; then, considering the infinite complexity of th relations of all organic beings to each other and to their conditions o life, causing an infinite diversity in structure, constitution, and habits to be advantageous to them, it would be a most extraordinary fact if n variations had ever occurred useful to each being's own welfare, in th same manner as so many variations have occurred useful to man.
If w look to rather wider intervals of time, namely, to distinct but consecutiv stages of the same great formation, we find that the embedded fossils though universally ranked as specifically different, yet are far mor closely related to each other than are the species found in more widel separated formations; so that here again we have undoubted evidence o change in the direction required by the theory; but to this latter subjec I shall return in the following chapter.
If w suppose the amount of change between each horizontal line in our diagram t be excessively small, these three forms may still be only well-marke varieties; but we have only to suppose the steps in the process o modification to be more numerous or greater in amount, to convert thes three forms into doubtful or at least into well-defined species:  thus th diagram illustrates the steps by which the small differences distinguishin varieties are increased into the larger differences distinguishing species.
If we admire the several ingenious contrivances b which orchids and many other plants are fertilised through insect agency can we consider as equally perfect the elaboration of dense clouds o pollen by our fir-trees, so that a few granules may be wafted by chance o to the ovules We have in this chapter discussed some of the difficulties and objection which may be urged against the theory.
If we admit that the geological record is imperfect to an extreme degree then the facts, which the record does give, strongly support the theory o descent with modification.
If we are to act, let it be in a theatre completely fitted up with pit, boxes, and gallery, and let us have a play entire from beginning to end; so as it be a German play, no matter what, with a good tricking, shifting afterpiece, and a figure-dance, and a hornpipe, and a song between the acts.
If we ask ourselves why this or tha species is rare, we answer that something is unfavourable in its condition of life; but what that something is, we can hardly ever tell.
If we compare, for instance, the number of endemi land-shells in Madeira, or of endemic birds in the Galapagos Archipelago with the number found on any continent, and then compare the area of th island with that of the continent, we shall see that this is true.
If we confine our attention either to the living or to the extinct specie of the same class, the series is far less perfect than if we combine bot into one general system.
If we do not outdo Ecclesford, we do nothing.
If we extend the use of this element of descent - the on certainly known cause of similarity in organic beings - we shall understan what is meant by the Natural System:  it is genealogical in its attempte arrangement, with the grades of acquired difference marked by the terms varieties, species, genera, families, orders, and classes.
If we have been kind to her, she is now quite as necessary to us.
If we look at species a having been specially created, and at varieties as having been produced b secondary laws, this similarity would be an astonishing fact.
If we look to long enough intervals of time, geology plainl declares that species have all changed; and they have changed in the manne required by the theory, for they have changed slowly and in a graduate manner.
If we look to the islands of the American shore, however much they may differ in geological structure the inhabitants are essentially American, though they may be all peculia species.
If we must lose you, I want you to see all that you can see first before you go back again.
If we possessed a perfect pedigree of mankind,  genealogical arrangement of the races of man would afford the bes classification of the various languages now spoken throughout the world and if all extinct languages, and all intermediate and slowly changin dialects, were to be included, such an arrangement would be the onl possible one.
If we suppose any habitual action to become inherited - and it can be show that this does sometimes happen - then the resemblance between wha originally was a habit and an instinct becomes so close as not to b distinguished.
If we suppose that a early progenitor - the archetype, as it may be called - of all mammals, bird and reptiles, had its limbs constructed on the existing general pattern for whatever purpose they served, we can at once perceive the plai signification of the homologous construction of the limbs throughout th class.
If we take as the standard of high organisation, the amount o differentiation and specialisation of the several organs in each being whe adult (and this will include the advancement of the brain for intellectua purposes), natural selection clearly leads towards this standard:  for al physiologists admit that the specialisation of organs, inasmuch as in thi state they perform their functions better, is an advantage to each being and hence the accumulation of variations tending towards specialisation i within the scope of natural selection.
If we thus argue in a circle, the fertility of all varietie produced under nature will assuredly have to be granted.
If we turn to nature to test the truth of these remarks, and look at an small isolated area, such as an oceanic island, although the number of th species inhabiting it is small, as we shall see in our chapter o Geographical Distribution; yet of these species a very large proportion ar endemic, - that is, have been produced there and nowhere else in the world.
If we turn to varieties, produced, or supposed to have been produced, unde domestication, we are still involved in some doubt.
If we wer to behold one kind of wolf, when young and without any training, as soon a it scented its prey, stand motionless like a statue, and then slowly craw forward with a peculiar gait; and another kind of wolf rushing round instead of at, a herd of deer, and driving them to a distant point, w should assuredly call these actions instinctive.
If we were not perfectly convinced that Hamlet's father died before the play began, there would be nothing more remarkable in his taking a stroll at night, in an easterly wind, upon his own ramparts, than there would be in any other middle-aged gentleman rashly turning out after dark in a breezy spot  -  say Saint Paul's Churchyard for instance  -  literally to astonish his son's weak mind.
If you are going to ask to be paid for the pleasure of creation, which is what excellence in work means, the next thing we shall hear of will be a bill sent in for the begetting of children.
If you asked me for another penny, and made it an open question, I'd repent of being so liberal and knock off half-a-crown.
If you can persuade Henry to marry, you must have the address of a Frenchwoman.
If you cannot bear an uncle's admiration, what is to become of you? You must really begin to harden yourself to the idea of being worth looking at.
If you had fallen up against him (as some of them did), on purpose, he would have made a feint of endeavouring to seize you, which would have been an affront to your understanding, and would instantly have sidled off in the direction of the plump sister.
If you know something about it, you will understand what he suffered when I tell you that he was in those days a genuine artist, a man of genius, and a revolutionist.
If you look at them you may see they are so many couple of lovers - all but Yates and Mrs. Grant - and, between ourselves, she, poor woman, must want a lover as much as any one of them.
If you think you can put up with me, pray take me as your guide.
If you were to see how he is courted, and how I am courted for his sake! Now, I am well aware that I shall not be half so welcome to Mrs. Fraser in consequence of his situation with you.
If your Miss Bertrams do not like to have their hearts broke, let them avoid Henry.
If, as I am willing to suppose, you wish to shew me any observance, you will not give way to these emotions, but endeavour to reason yourself into a stronger frame of mind.
If, fo instance, the genera a1, a5, a10, f8, m3, m6, m9, were disinterred, thes three families would be so closely linked together that they probably woul have to be united into one great family, in nearly the same manner as ha occurred with ruminants and certain pachyderms.
If, for instance,  bird of some kind could procure its food more easily by having its bea curved, and if one were born with its beak strongly curved, and whic consequently flourished, nevertheless there would be a very poor chance o this one individual perpetuating its kind to the exclusion of the commo form; but there can hardly be a doubt, judging by what we see taking plac under domestication, that this result would follow from the preservatio during many generations of a large number of individuals with more or les strongly curved beaks, and from the destruction of a still larger numbe with the straightest beaks.
If, for instance, it could be proved that every part of th organisation tends to vary in a greater degree towards diminution tha toward augmentation of size, then we should be able to understand how a organ which has become useless would be rendered, independently of th effects of disuse, rudimentary and would at last be wholly suppressed; fo the variations towards diminished size would no longer be checked b natural selection.
If, for instance, we did not know that th parent rock-pigeon was not feather-footed or turn-crowned, we could no have told, whether such characters in our domestic breeds were reversion or only analogous variations; but we might have inferred that the blu colour was a case of reversion from the number of the markings, which ar correlated with this tint, and which would not probably have all appeare together from simple variation.
If, however, a caterpillar were taken out of  hammock made up, for instance, to the third stage, and were put into on finished up to the sixth stage, so that much of its work was already don for it, far from deriving any benefit from this, it was much embarrassed and, in order to complete its hammock, seemed forced to start from th third stage, where it had left off, and thus tried to complete the alread finished work.
If, however, a isolated area be very small, either from being surrounded by barriers, o from having very peculiar physical conditions, the total number of th inhabitants will be small; and this will retard the production of ne species through natural selection, by decreasing the chances of favourabl variations arising.
If, however, we suppose any descendant of A or of I to have becom so much modified as to have lost all traces of its parentage in this case its place in the natural system will be lost, as seems to have occurre with some few existing organisms.
If, in our domestic animals, any part or the whole animal b neglected, and no selection be applied, that part (for instance, the com in the Dorking fowl) or the whole breed will cease to have a unifor character:  and the breed may be said to be degenerating.
If, in the diagram, we suppose the amoun of change represented by each successive group of diverging dotted lines t be great, the forms marked a14 to p14, those marked b14 and f14, and thos marked o14 to m14, will form three very distinct genera.
If, indeed, the arguments used b Forbes are to be trusted, it must be admitted that scarcely a single islan exists which has not recently been united to some continent.
If, on the other hand, a hybrid is crosse with either pure parent-species, the sterility is usually much lessened: and so it is when an illegitimate plant is fertilised by a legitimat plant.
If, on the other hand, it profited the young of an animal to follow habit of life slightly different from those of the parent-form, and consequentl to be constructed on a slightly different plan, or if it profited a larv already different from its parent to change still further, then, on th principle of inheritance at corresponding ages, the young or the larva might be rendered by natural selection more and more different from thei parents to any conceivable extent.
If, then, a Clockmaker exist, he must be figured as a frivolous and malignant wretch, who fashioned the caraffe, the table and the room, with a single view to gloat on the miseries of animalculae.
If, then, it varied, natural selection would probabl favour different varieties in the different islands.
If, then, our diagram be assumed to represent a considerable amount o modification, species (A) and all the earlier varieties will have becom extinct, being replaced by eight new species (a14 to m14); and species (I will be replaced by six (n14 to z14) new species.
If, then, the geological record be as imperfect as many believe, and it ma at least be asserted that the record cannot be proved to be much mor perfect, the main objections to the theory of natural selection are greatl diminished or disappear.
If, then, these two varieties be variable, the most divergent of thei variations will generally be preserved during the next thousan generations.
If, then, we ma infer anything from these facts, we may infer that, where our oceans no extend, oceans have extended from the remotest period of which we have an record; and on the other hand, that where continents now exist, larg tracts of land have existed, subjected, no doubt, to great oscillations o level, since the Cambrian period.
If, when most of the species inhabiting one region are differen from those of another region, though closely allied to them, it can b shown that migration from the one region to the other has probably occurre at some former period, our general view will be much strengthened; for th explanation is obvious on the principle of descent with modification.
If, with all the aids of art, these sligh differences make a great difference in cultivating the several varieties assuredly, in a state of nature, where the trees would have to struggl with other trees and with a host of enemies, such differences woul effectually settle which variety, whether a smooth or downy, a yellow or  purple-fleshed fruit, should succeed.
Ignorance and Wan Ignorance and Wan Scrooge started back, appalled.
Imagine the extreme case of as many species as individuals in England, an the first severe winter or very dry summer would exterminate thousands o thousands of species.
Imagine, he has come without a paint-box, without an easel; and I want him to have all.
Important changes in the embryo or larva wil probably entail changes in the mature animal.
In  future chapter I shall attempt to show that the adult differs from it embryo, owing to variations having supervened at a not early age, an having been inherited at a corresponding age.
In 1858 he sent me a memoir on thi subject, with a request that I would forward it to Sir Charles Lyell, wh sent it to the Linnean Society, and it is published in the third volume o the Journal of that Society.
In Africa, several forms characteristic of Europe, and some fe representatives of the flora of the Cape of Good Hope, occur on th mountains of Abyssinia.
In Australia the imported hive-bee i rapidly exterminating the small, stingless native bee.
In Carthamus and some other Compositae the centra achenes alone are furnished with a pappus; and in Hyoseris the same hea yields achenes of three different forms.
In Echinoneus, the shell is described by M. Perrier a bearing two kinds of pedicellariae, one resembling those of Echinus, an the other those of Spatangus; and such cases are always interesting a affording the means of apparently sudden transitions, through the abortio of one of the two states of an organ.
In England the masters alone usually leav the nest to collect building materials and food for themselves, thei slaves and larvae.
In Europe we meet with the plaines evidence of the Glacial period, from the western shores of Britain to th Ural range, and southward to the Pyrenees.
In India, however, these cross-bred geese must be far more fertile; for  am assured by two eminently capable judges, namely Mr. Blyth and Captai Hutton, that whole flocks of these crossed geese are kept in various part of the country; and as they are kept for profit, where neither pur parent-species exists, they must certainly be highly or perfectly fertile.
In London a convention of leaders was got together from the Federation of Combined Workmen, and sat under the old revolutionary name of the Committee of Public Safety; but as they had no drilled and armed body of men to direct, they attempted no aggressive measures, but only placarded the walls with somewhat vague appeals to the workmen not to allow themselves to be trampled upon.
In London he would soon learn to wonder at his infatuation, and be thankful for the right reason in her which had saved him from its evil consequences.
In Lord Morton' famous hybrid, from a chestnut mare and male quagga, the hybrid and eve the pure offspring subsequently produced from the same mare by a blac Arabian sire, were much more plainly barred across the legs than is eve the pure quagga.
In North America the black bear was seen by Hearn swimming for hours with widely open mouth, thus catching, almost like  whale, insects in the water.
In Ononis columnae five of the alternate stamens ar rudimentary; and in some species of Viola three stamens are in this state two retaining their proper function, but being of very small size.
In South Africa th competition for browsing on the higher branches of the acacias and othe trees must be between giraffe and giraffe, and not with the other ungulat animals.
In South America, Dr. Hooker has shown that besides many closely allie species, between forty and fifty of the flowering plants of Tierra de Fuego, forming no inconsiderable part of its scanty flora, are common t North America and Europe, enormously remote as these areas in opposit hemispheres are from each other.
In South America, a burrowing rodent, the tuco-tuco, o Ctenomys, is even more subterranean in its habits than the mole; and I wa assured by a Spaniard, who had often caught them, that they were frequentl blind.
In South latitude the South wind corresponds to our North wind in its nature and effects.
In South latitude, square to your left.
In St. Helena there is reason to believe that the naturalised plants and animal have nearly or quite exterminated many native productions.
In Staffordshire, on the estate of a relation where I had ample means of investigation, there was a large and extremel barren heath, which had never been touched by the hand of man; but severa hundred acres of exactly the same nature had been enclosed twenty-fiv years previously and planted with Scotch fir.
In Switzerland the slaves and masters wor together, making and bringing materials for the nest:  both, but chiefl the slaves, tend and milk as it may be called, their aphides; and thus bot collect food for the community.
In The Clockmaker Displayed in All his Works, The Clockmaker Vindicated, and True Clockmakerly Science Displayed and Justified, the pious sought to gloss over their disappointment; in works of a different complexion, free thinkers magnified their victory.
In a barometer the mercury begins to rise occasionally before the conclusion of gale, sometimes even at its commencement, as the equilibrium of the atmosphere begins to be restored.
In a bree which has been crossed only once the tendency to revert to any characte derived from such a cross will naturally become less and less, as in eac succeeding generation there will be less of the foreign blood; but whe there has been no cross, and there is a tendency in the breed to revert t a character which was lost during some former generation, this tendency for all that we can see to the contrary, may be transmitted undiminishe for an indefinite number of generations.
In a breed which has not been crossed, but in which BOT parents have lost some character which their progenitor possessed, th tendency, whether strong or weak, to reproduce the lost character might, a was formerly remarked, for all that we can see to the contrary, b transmitted for almost any number of generations.
In a confined or isolated area, if not ver large, the organic and inorganic conditions of life will generally b almost uniform; so that natural selection will tend to modify all th varying individuals of the same species in the same manner.
In a few minutes we had passed through a deep eddying pool into the sharp stream that ran from the ford, and beached our craft on a tiny strand of limestone-gravel, and stepped ashore into the arms of our up-river friends, our journey done.
In a few simple, indignant words he asked people to consider what a society was worth which had to be defended by the massacre of unarmed citizens, and called on the Government to withdraw their state of siege and put the general and his officers who fired on the people on their trial for murder.
In a former chapter I have given instances of ver trifling characters, such as the down on fruit and the colour of its flesh the colour of the skin and hair of quadrupeds, which, from being correlate with constitutional differences, or from determining the attacks o insects, might assuredly be acted on by natural selection.
In a general light, private theatricals are open to some objections, but as we are circumstanced, I must think it would be highly injudicious, and more than injudicious to attempt anything of the kind.
In a large genus it is probable that more than one species would vary.
In a memoir on Fossil Sessile Cirripedes, I state that, from the large number of existing and extinct tertiary species; fro the extraordinary abundance of the individuals of many species all over th world, from the Arctic regions to the equator, inhabiting various zones o depths, from the upper tidal limits to fifty fathoms; from the perfec manner in which specimens are preserved in the oldest tertiary beds; fro the ease with which even a fragment of a valve can be recognised; from al these circumstances, I inferred that, had sessile cirripedes existed durin the secondary periods, they would certainly have been preserved an discovered; and as not one species had then been discovered in beds of thi age, I concluded that this great group had been suddenly developed at th commencement of the tertiary series.
In a quiet way, very little attended to, she paid her tribute of admiration to Miss Crawford's beauty; but as she still continued to think Mr. Crawford very plain, in spite of her two cousins having repeatedly proved the contrary, she never mentioned him.
In a review of the two houses, as they appeared to her before the end of a week, Fanny was tempted to apply to them Dr. Johnson's celebrated judgment as to matrimony and celibacy, and say, that though Mansfield Park might have some pains, Portsmouth could have no pleasures.
In a ship of war it should be below the lowest battery or gun-deck.
In a similar manner we know, from Falconer an Cautley's discoveries, that Northern India was formerly more closel related in its mammals to Africa than it is at the present time.
In a state of nature almost every full-grown plant annually produces seed and among animals there are very few which do not annually pair.
In a tree we can distinguish this o that branch, though at the actual fork the two unite and blend together.
In a twinkling she was by his side, brimful of news and pleasure, too glad to notice his embarrassment, and in one of those golden transports of exultation which transcend not only words but caresses.
In about a quarter of an hour her uncle returned; she was almost ready to faint at the sight of him.
In accordance with this view, we can, perhaps, understand some facts whic will be again alluded to in our chapter on Geographical Distribution; fo instance, the fact of the productions of the smaller continent of Australi now yielding before those of the larger Europaeo-Asiatic area.
In al parts of the world these stripes occur far oftenest in duns and mouse-duns by the term dun a large range of colour is included, from one between brow and black to a close approach to cream colour.
In al these respects the species of large genera present a strong analogy wit varieties.
In all cases positive palaeontological evidence may be implicitly trusted negative evidence is worthless, as experience has so often shown.
In all his niece's family and friends, there could be but one opinion, one wish on the subject; the influence of all who loved her must incline one way.
In all points of decorum your conduct must be law to the rest of the party.
In all such cases -and many could be given - if the age for reproduction were retarded, th character of the species, at least in its adult state, would be modified nor is it improbable that the previous and earlier stages of developmen would in some cases be hurried through and finally lost.
In all such cases some fundamental difference i the growth or development of the parts, and generally in their mature structure, can be detected.
In all the important preparations of the mind she was complete: being prepared for matrimony by an hatred of home, restraint, and tranquillity; by the misery of disappointed affection, and contempt of the man she was to marry.
In all these respects, and in others which might be added, the forms of th same undoubted species, when illegitimately united, behave in exactly th same manner as do two distinct species when crossed.
In an Aneroid, a metallic, or a wheel barometer, the hand's motion should correspond to that of mercury in an independent instrument.
In an extremely small area, especially if freely open t immigration, and where the contest between individual and individual mus be very severe, we always find great diversity in its inhabitants.
In anothe district there were two or three varieties, one of which was much commone than the others, and this closely mocked another form of Ithomia.
In another and more genera manner, new species become superior to their predecessors; for they have t beat in the struggle for life all the older forms, with which they com into close competition.
In any case, I have not been talking to thin air; nor, indeed to this new friend of ours only.
In any genus, the species which ar already very different in character from each other, will generally tend t produce the greatest number of modified descendants; for these will hav the best chance of seizing on new and widely different places in the polit of nature:  hence in the diagram I have chosen the extreme species (A), an the nearly extreme species (I), as those which have largely varied, an have given rise to new varieties and species.
In ascending or descending elevations, the hand of the aneroid may be seen to move (like the hand of a watch), showing the height above the level of the sea, or the difference of level betwee places of comparison.
In attempting to estimate the amount of structural difference betwee allied domestic races, we are soon involved in doubt, from not knowin whether they are descended from one or several parent species.
In botanical works, this or that plant i often stated to be ill adapted for wide dissemination; but the greater o less facilities for transport across the sea may be said to be almos wholly unknown.
In both cases physical conditions seem t have produced some direct and definite effect, but how much we cannot say.
In both cases th sterility occurs in various degrees; in both, the male element is the mos liable to be affected; but sometimes the female more than the male.
In both time and space the lowly organised members o each class generally change less than the highly organised; but there ar in both cases marked exceptions to the rule.
In came Mrs. Fezziwig, one vast substantial smile.
In came a fiddler with a music-book, and went up to the lofty desk, and made an orchestra of it, and tuned like fifty stomach-aches.
In came all the young men and women employed in the business.
In came the boy from over the way, who was suspected of not having board enough from his master; trying to hide himself behind the girl from next door but one, who was proved to have had her ears pulled by her mistress.
In came the cook, with her brother's particular friend, the milkman.
In came the housemaid, with her cousin, the baker.
In came the six young followers whose hearts they broke.
In came the three Miss Fezziwigs, beaming and lovable.
In cases of this kind, if the variation were of  beneficial nature, the original form would soon be supplanted by th modified form, through the survival of the fittest.
In central Chile I examined a vas mound of detritus with great boulders, crossing the Portillo valley, which there can hardly be a doubt, once formed a huge moraine; and Mr. D. Forbe informs me that he found in various parts of the Cordillera, from latitud 13 to 30 degrees south, at about the height of 12,000 feet, deeply-furrowe rocks, resembling those with which he was familiar in Norway, and likewis great masses of detritus, including grooved pebbles.
In certain Umbelliferae th exterior seeds, according to Tausch, are orthospermous, and the central on coelospermous, and this is a character which was considered by De Candoll to be in other species of the highest systematic importance.
In certain bats in which the wing-membrane extends from the top of th shoulder to the tail and includes the hind-legs, we perhaps see traces o an apparatus originally fitted for gliding through the air rather than fo flight.
In certain genera of star-fishes these organs, instead of being fixed o borne on an immovable support, are placed on the summit of a flexible an muscular, though short, stem; and in this case they probably subserve som additional function besides defence.
In certain plants having separated sexe Kolreuter found that by crossing a species, in which the male flower included a rudiment of a pistil, with an hermaphrodite species, having o course a well-developed pistil, the rudiment in the hybrid offspring wa much increased in size; and this clearly shows that the rudimentary an perfect pistils are essentially alike in nature.
In certain species of whales there is a tendency t the formation of irregular little points of horn on the palate; and i seems to be quite within the scope of natural selection to preserve al favourable variations, until the points were converted, first int lamellated knobs or teeth, like those on the beak of a goose - then int short lamellae, like those of the domestic ducks - and then into lamellae as perfect as those of the shoveller-duck - and finally into the giganti plates of baleen, as in the mouth of the Greenland whale.
In certain whole groups of plants the ovules stand erect, and in other they are suspended; and within the same ovarium of some few plants, on ovule holds the former and a second ovule the latter position.
In changes of this nature, there will be little or n tendency to alter the original pattern, or to transpose the parts.
In chapel they were obliged to divide, but Mr. Crawford took care not to be divided from the female branch; and after chapel he still continued with them, and made one in the family party on the ramparts.
In classing varieties, I apprehend that if we had a rea pedigree, a genealogical classification would be universally preferred; an it has been attempted in some cases.
In comparison with his brother, Edmund would have nothing to say.
In confirmation of this view, let us glance at the classification o varieties, which are known or believed to be descended from a singl species.
In consequence of this belief Mr. Weale sent me in a letter a small packet of the dried pellets, out of whic I extracted under the microscope several seeds, and raised from them seve grass plants, belonging to two species, of two genera.
In considering the distribution of organic beings over the face of th globe, the first great fact which strikes us is, that neither th similarity nor the dissimilarity of the inhabitants of various regions ca be wholly accounted for by climatal and other physical conditions.
In considering the origin of species, it is quite conceivable that  naturalist, reflecting on the mutual affinities of organic beings, on thei embryological relations, their geographical distribution, geologica succession, and other such facts, might come to the conclusion that specie had not been independently created, but had descended, like varieties, fro other species.
In considering the probability of natural selection having come int action, in rendering species mutually sterile, the greatest difficulty wil be found to lie in the existence of many graduated steps, from slightl lessened fertility to absolute sterility.
In considering these several means of distribution, it should be remembere that when a pond or stream is first formed, for instance on a rising islet it will be unoccupied; and a single seed or egg will have a good chance o succeeding.
In considering this view of classification, it should be born in mind that the element of descent has been universally used in rankin together the sexes, ages, dimorphic forms, and acknowledged varieties o the same species, however much they may differ from each other i structure.
In considering transitions of organs, it is so important to bear in min the probability of conversion from one function to another, that I wil give another instance.
In definite variability is a much more common result of changed condition than definite variability, and has probably played a more important part i the formation of our domestic races.
In discussing this subject we shall be enabled at the same time to conside a point equally important for us, namely, whether the several species of  genus which must on our theory all be descended from a common progenitor can have migrated, undergoing modification during their migration from som one area.
In drawing u the several series he trusts chiefly to embryological characters, bu receives aid from homologous and rudimentary organs, as well as from th successive periods at which the various forms of life are believed to hav first appeared in our geological formations.
In each case various causes, besides the general ones jus indicated, have probably interfered with the acquisition through natura selection of structures, which it is thought would be beneficial to certai species.
In each well-stocked country natural selection acts through the competitio of the inhabitants and consequently leads to success in the battle fo life, only in accordance with the standard of that particular country.
In early days, before science had arisen, the oblong yellow space on the north wall was said to have opened, and an object, huge beyond thought, to have appeared and for some generations moved visibly in space.
In either case it would b easy for natural selection to adapt the structure of the animal to it changed habits, or exclusively to one of its several habits.
In either of these cases th young or embryo will closely resemble the mature parent-form, as we hav seen with the short-faced tumbler.
In endeavouring to foretell weather, the general peculiarity should always be remembered, that the barometric column usually stands higher with easterly than it does with westerly winds; and with winds from the polar regions higher than with those from the direction of the equator.
In every argument with her mother, Susan had in point of reason the advantage, and never was there any maternal tenderness to buy her off.
In every meadow in England, in which tree grow, we see the lower branches trimmed or planed to an exact level by th browsing of the horses or cattle; and what advantage would it be, fo instance, to sheep, if kept there, to acquire slightly longer necks?  I every district some one kind of animal will almost certainly be able t browse higher than the others; and it is almost equally certain that thi one kind alone could have its neck elongated for this purpose, throug natural selection and the effects of increased use.
In every meeting there was a hope of receiving farther confirmation of Miss Crawford's attachment; but the whirl of a ballroom, perhaps, was not particularly favourable to the excitement or expression of serious feelings.
In everything but disposition they were admirably taught.
In everything else the etiquette of the day might stand the strictest investigation.
In everything that made my love of any worth or value in your sight.
In examinin the latest deposits, in various quarters of the world, it has everywher been noted, that some few still existing species are common in the deposit but have become extinct in the immediately surrounding sea; or, conversely that some are now abundant in the neighbouring sea, but are rare or absen in this particular deposit.
In extent, it is a mere nothing; you would be surprised at its insignificance; and, as for improvement, there was very little for me to do -  too little: I should like to have been busy much longer.
In fact, I rather took it for granted that I was at home in my own room than saw that it was so.
In fact, I see no help for him except the pleasure of saying 'I told you so' if the bridge-building turns out to be a mistake and hurts him; if it benefits him he must suffer in silence.
In fact, it is one of the most populous places on the Thames round about here.
In fact, there is a considerable dissimilarity in all thes respects.
In fact, this nearly exact balancing between th supply of sediment and the amount of subsidence is probably a rar contingency; for it has been observed by more than one palaeontologist tha very thick deposits are usually barren of organic remains, except nea their upper or lower limits.
In failing orders, with the genera and species decreasin in numbers as is the case with the Edentata of South America, still fewe genera and species will leave modified blood-descendants.
In favour of this view, I may add, firstly, that the wild C. livia has bee found capable of domestication in Europe and in India; and that it agree in habits and in a great number of points of structure with all th domestic breeds.
In flourishing groups, the number of new specifi forms which have been produced within a given time has at some period probably been greater than the number of the old specific forms which hav been exterminated; but we know that species have not gone on indefinitel increasing, at least during the later geological epochs, so that, lookin to later times, we may believe that the production of new forms has cause the extinction of about the same number of old forms.
In former editions of this work I sometimes spok as if this latter alternative had frequently occurred.
In genera having more than the average number of species in any country the species of these genera have more than the average number of varieties.
In her present exile from good society, and distance from everything that had been wont to interest her, a letter from one belonging to the set where her heart lived, written with affection, and some degree of elegance, was thoroughly acceptable.
In her usefulness, in Fanny's excellence, in William's continued good conduct and rising fame, and in the general well-doing and success of the other members of the family, all assisting to advance each other, and doing credit to his countenance and aid, Sir Thomas saw repeated, and for ever repeated, reason to rejoice in what he had done for them all, and acknowledge the advantages of early hardship and discipline, and the consciousness of being born to struggle and endure.
In himself he was wearisome, but as the friend of Tom and the admirer of Julia he became offensive.
In his departure Sir Thomas felt the chief interest: wanting to be alone with his family, the presence of a stranger superior to Mr. Yates must have been irksome; but of him, trifling and confident, idle and expensive, it was every way vexatious.
In his way also, as Ellen in hers, I could see that Dick had that passionate love of the earth which was common to but few people at least, in the days I knew; in which the prevailing feeling amongst intellectual persons was a kind of sour distaste for the changing drama of the year, for the life of earth and its dealings with men.
In how important a manner thi has acted, has recently been well shown by Sir J. Lubbock in his remarks o the close similarity of the larvae of some insects belonging to ver different orders, and on the dissimilarity of the larvae of other insect within the same order, according to their habits of life.
In large genera the species are apt to be closely but unequally allie together, forming little clusters round other species.
In law, whether it be criminal or civil, execution always follows judgment, and someone must suffer.
In leaving it, I shall not leave its lesson, trust me.
In living bodies, variatio will cause the slight alteration, generation will multiply them almos infinitely, and natural selection will pick out with unerring skill eac improvement.
In looking at Nature, it is most necessary to keep the foregoin considerations always in mind - never to forget that every single organi being may be said to be striving to the utmost to increase in numbers; tha each lives by a struggle at some period of its life; that heavy destructio inevitably falls either on the young or old during each generation or a recurrent intervals.
In looking at many small points of difference between species, which, a far as our ignorance permits us to judge, seem quite unimportant, we mus not forget that climate, food, etc., have no doubt produced some direc effect.
In looking at species as they are now distributed over a wide area, w generally find them tolerably numerous over a large territory, the becoming somewhat abruptly rarer and rarer on the confines, and finall disappearing.
In looking to the long succession of past ages, a in looking to distant provinces throughout the world, we find that specie in certain classes differ little from each other, whilst those in anothe class, or only in a different section of the same order, differ greatl from each other.
In man cases the vibracula have a grooved support at the base, which seems t represent the fixed beak; though this support in some species is quit absent.
In many Composita and Umbelliferae (and in some other plants) the circumferential flower have their corollas much more developed than those of the centre; and thi seems often connected with the abortion of the reproductive organs.
In many cases complex and long-enduring conditions often of a peculiar nature, are necessary for the development of  structure; and the requisite conditions may seldom have concurred.
In many cases habit or use and disuse have probably com into play.
In many cases this could not be otherwise; thus the inherited peculiaritie in the horns of cattle could appear only in the offspring when nearl mature; peculiarities in the silk-worm are known to appear at th corresponding caterpillar or cocoon stage.
In many cases we are far too ignorant to be enabled to assert that a par or organ is so unimportant for the welfare of a species, that modification in its structure could not have been slowly accumulated by means of natura selection.
In many cases we do no know what the aboriginal stock was, and so could not tell whether or no nearly perfect reversion had ensued.
In many islands the native productions are nearly equalled or even outnumbered, by those which have become naturalised; and this i the first stage towards their extinction.
In many other cases, modifications are probably the direc result of the laws of variation or of growth, independently of any goo having been thus gained.
In many regions the metamorphic and granite rock would be found much more widely extended than they appear to be, if all th sedimentary beds were removed which rest unconformably on them, and whic could not have formed part of the original mantle under which they wer crystallised.
In members of the same class the average amount of change, during long an equal periods of time, may, perhaps, be nearly the same; but as th accumulation of enduring formations, rich in fossils, depends on grea masses of sediment being deposited on subsiding areas, our formations hav been almost necessarily accumulated at wide and irregularly intermitten intervals of time; consequently the amount of organic change exhibited b the fossils embedded in consecutive formations is not equal.
In middle latitudes such upper currents are not so evident, except before a change of weather.
In middle latitudes there is an average difference (unreduced of observed height as read off) of about half an inch, other things being similar, between the heights of the mercury with North-easterly, an with South-westerly winds.
In monstrosities, th correlations between quite distinct parts are very curious; and man instances are given in Isidore Geoffroy St.
In monstrous plants, we ofte get direct evidence of the possibility of one organ being transformed int another; and we can actually see, during the early or embryonic stages o development in flowers, as well as in crustaceans and many other animals that organs, which when mature become extremely different are at firs exactly alike.
In mos flowers belonging to other orders the stigma secretes a little visci matter.
In most cases only general reasons, bu in some few cases special reasons, can be assigned.
In most cases, however, the larvae, though active, still obey more or less closely, the law of common embryonic resemblance.
In most polymorphic genera some of the species have fixed an definite characters.
In my opinion it ha done excellent service in this country in calling attention to the subject in removing prejudice, and in thus preparing the ground for the receptio of analogous views.
In my opinion, these Crawfords are no addition at all.
In my possession are tw little embryos in spirit, whose names I have omitted to attach, and a present I am quite unable to say to what class they belong.
In my situation, it would have been the extreme of vanity to be forming expectations on Mr. Crawford.
In no case, probably, has tim sufficed for the utmost possible amount of development.
In numerous other cases far from self-fertilisation being favoured, there are special contrivance which effectually prevent the stigma receiving pollen from its own flower as I could show from the works of Sprengel and others, as well as from m own observations:  for instance, in Lobelia fulgens, there is a reall beautiful and elaborate contrivance by which all the infinitely numerou pollen-granules are swept out of the conjoined anthers of each flower before the stigma of that individual flower is ready to receive them; an as this flower is never visited, at least in my garden, by insects, i never sets a seed, though by placing pollen from one flower on the stigm of another, I raise plenty of seedlings.
In numerous other cases we find modifications of structure, which ar considered by botanists to be generally of a highly important nature affecting only some of the flowers on the same plant, or occurring o distinct plants, which grow close together under the same conditions.
In on district several varieties occurred, and of these one alone resembled, to  certain extent, the common Ithomia of the same district.
In on limited sense, as we shall hereafter see, this may be true; but it i preposterous to attribute to mere external conditions, the structure, fo instance, of the woodpecker, with its feet, tail, beak, and tongue, s admirably adapted to catch insects under the bark of trees.
In one instance I found to my surprise an independen community of F. flava under a stone beneath a nest of the slave-making F. sanguinea; and when I had accidentally disturbed both nests, the littl ants attacked their big neighbours with surprising courage.
In one of the blind animals, namely, th cave-rat (Neotoma), two of which were captured by Professor Silliman a above half a mile distance from the mouth of the cave, and therefore not i the profoundest depths, the eyes were lustrous and of large size; and thes animals, as I am informed by Professor Silliman, after having been expose for about a month to a graduated light, acquired a dim perception o objects.
In one respect it was better, as it gave him the means of conferring a kindness where he wished to oblige.
In one section of th Malpighiaceae the closed flowers, according to A. de Jussieu, are stil further modified, for the five stamens which stand opposite to the sepal are all aborted, a sixth stamen standing opposite to a petal being alon developed; and this stamen is not present in the ordinary flowers of thi species; the style is aborted; and the ovaria are reduced from three t two.
In one sense the conditions of life may be said, not only to caus variability, either directly or indirectly, but likewise to include natura selection, for the conditions determine whether this or that variety shal survive.
In one species examined by me the vibracula wer slightly curved and serrated along the outer margin, and all of them on th same polyzoary often moved simultaneously; so that, acting like long oars they swept a branch rapidly across the object-glass of my microscope.
In one species observed by me, all the aviculari on the same branch often moved simultaneously backwards and forwards, wit the lower jaw widely open, through an angle of about 90 degrees, in th course of five seconds; and their movement caused the whole polyzoary t tremble.
In one square yard, at a poin some hundred yards distant from one of the old clumps, I counted thirty-tw little trees; and one of them, with twenty-six rings of growth, had, durin many years tried to raise its head above the stems of the heath, and ha failed.
In one well-marked instance I put the comb back into the hive, and allowed the bees to go on workin for a short time, and again examined the cell, and I found that the rhombi plate had been completed, and had become PERFECTLY FLAT:  it was absolutel impossible, from the extreme thinness of the little plate, that they coul have effected this by gnawing away the convex side; and I suspect that th bees in such cases stand in the opposed cells and push and bend the ductil and warm wax (which as I have tried is easily done) into its prope intermediate plane, and thus flatten it.
In order that an animal should acquire some structure specially and largel developed, it is almost indispensable that several other parts should b modified and coadapted.
In order that any great amount of modification should be effected in  species, a variety, when once formed must again, perhaps after a lon interval of time, vary or present individual differences of the sam favourable nature as before; and these must again be preserved, and s onward, step by step.
In order to check the pumping of the mercury at sea, the tubes of thes barometers are so contracted, through a few inches, that, when first suspended, the mercury is perhaps twenty minutes in falling from the top of the tube to its proper level.
In order to get a perfect gradation between two forms in the upper an lower parts of the same formation, the deposit must have gone o continuously accumulating during a long period, sufficient for the slo process of modification; hence, the deposit must be a very thick one; an the species undergoing change must have lived in the same distric throughout the whole time.
In order to make it clear how, as I believe, natural selection acts, I mus beg permission to give one or two imaginary illustrations.
In ordinary combs it has appeared to me that th bees do not always succeed in working at exactly the same rate from th opposite sides; for I have noticed half-completed rhombs at the base of  just-commenced cell, which were slightly concave on one side, where  suppose that the bees had excavated too quickly, and convex on the oppose side where the bees had worked less quickly.
In other cases we have the plainest evidence in grea fossilised trees, still standing upright as they grew, of many lon intervals of time and changes of level during the process of deposition which would not have been suspected, had not the trees been preserved: thus Sir C. Lyell and Dr. Dawson found carboniferous beds 1,400 feet thic in Nova Scotia, with ancient root-bearing strata, one above the other, a no less than sixty-eight different levels.
In other orchids the threads cohere at on end of the pollen-masses; and this forms the first or nascent trace of  caudicle.
In ou poultry, a large tuft of feathers on the head is generally accompanied by  diminished comb, and a large beard by diminished wattles.
In our climate the range is usually about two inches.
In our diagram the line o succession is broken at regular intervals by small numbered letters markin the successive forms which have become sufficiently distinct to be recorde as varieties.
In our diagram this is indicated by the broken line beneath the capital letters, converging in sub-branches downwards towards  single point; this point represents a species, the supposed progenitor o our several new sub-genera and genera.
In our own country the larger titmouse (Parus major may be seen climbing branches, almost like a creeper; it sometimes, like  shrike, kills small birds by blows on the head; and I have many times see and heard it hammering the seeds of the yew on a branch, and thus breakin them like a nuthatch.
In our variable climate, with a maritim population, numbers of small vessels, and especially fishing boats how much life and property is risked unnecessarily by every unforeseen storm?
In placing this barometer, it is only necessary to fix the instrument carefully, as indicated in the above directions, and give a few gentle taps with the fingers on the bottom, to move the mercury.
In plants the same gradual process of improvement through the occasiona preservation of the best individuals, whether or not sufficiently distinc to be ranked at their first appearance as distinct varieties, and whethe or not two or more species or races have become blended together b crossing, may plainly be recognised in the increased size and beauty whic we now see in the varieties of the heartsease, rose, pelargonium, dahlia and other plants, when compared with the older varieties or with thei parent-stocks.
In plants, th down on the fruit and the colour of the flesh are considered by botanist as characters of the most trifling importance; yet we hear from a excellent horticulturist, Downing, that in the United States smooth-skinne fruits suffer far more from a beetle, a Curculio, than those with down that purple plums suffer far more from a certain disease than yellow plums whereas another disease attacks yellow-fleshed peaches far more than thos with other coloured flesh.
In point of fact, I did not by any means want to be 'amused' just then; and also I rather felt as if the old man, with his knowledge of past times, and even a kind of inverted sympathy for them caused by his active hatred of them, was as it were a blanket for me against the cold of this very new world, where I was, so to say, stripped bare of every habitual thought and way of acting; and I did not want to leave him too soon.
In proof, he repeats, and more eagerly, what he said at Portsmouth about our conveying you home, and I join him in it with all my soul.
In reading off from a barometer, it should hang freely, not inclined by holding, or even by touch.
In regard t ducks and rabbits, some breeds of which differ much from each other, th evidence is clear that they are all descended from the common duck and wil rabbit.
In regard to animals, much fewer experiments have been carefully tried tha with plants.
In regard to animals, severa authentic instances could be adduced of species having largely extended within historical times, their range from warmer to colder latitudes, an conversely; but we do not positively know that these animals were strictl adapted to their native climate, though in all ordinary cases we assum such to be the case; nor do we know that they have subsequently becom specially acclimatised to their new homes, so as to be better fitted fo them than they were at first.
In regard to mammiferous remains, a glance at th historical table published in Lyell's Manual, will bring home the truth how accidental and rare is their preservation, far better than pages o detail.
In regard to plants, no one has treated this subject wit more spirit and ability than W. Herbert, Dean of Manchester, evidently th result of his great horticultural knowledge.
In regard to plants, th petals are sometimes rudimentary, and sometimes well developed in th individuals of the same species.
In regard to plants, there is another means of observing the accumulate effects of selection - namely, by comparing the diversity of flowers in th different varieties of the same species in the flower-garden; the diversit of leaves, pods, or tubers, or whatever part is valued, in th kitchen-garden, in comparison with the flowers of the same varieties; an the diversity of fruit of the same species in the orchard, in compariso with the leaves and flowers of the same set of varieties.
In regard to sheep and goats I can form no decide opinion.
In regard to the domestic animals kept by uncivilised man, it should not b overlooked that they almost always have to struggle for their own food, a least during certain seasons.
In regard to the sterility of hybrids in successive generations; thoug Gartner was enabled to rear some hybrids, carefully guarding them from  cross with either pure parent, for six or seven, and in one case for te generations, yet he asserts positively that their fertility neve increases, but generally decreases greatly and suddenly.
In regard to the sterility of hybrids, in which the sexual elements ar imperfectly developed, the case is somewhat different.
In return for such services she loved him better than anybody in the world except William: her heart was divided between the two.
In revenge they asked me a great many questions about the country I came from and the manners of life there, which I found rather puzzling to answer; and doubtless what answers I did give were puzzling enough to them.
In rudimentar organs, and in those which have been but little specialised for an particular purpose, and perhaps in polymorphic groups, we see a nearl parallel case; for in such cases natural selection either has not or canno come into full play, and thus the organisation is left in a fluctuatin condition.
In searching for the gradations through which an organ in any species ha been perfected, we ought to look exclusively to its lineal progenitors; bu this is scarcely ever possible, and we are forced to look to other specie and genera of the same group, that is to the collateral descendants fro the same parent-form, in order to see what gradations are possible, and fo the chance of some gradations having been transmitted in an unaltered o little altered condition.
In semi-civilised countries, with littl free communication, the spreading of a new sub-breed will be a slo process.
In several cases, however, insects found living on different plants have been observed by Mr. Walsh to present in their larval or mature state or in both states, slight, though constant differences in colour, size, o in the nature of their secretions.
In short, Esther, you don't know what it is to have a father, and that's what blinds you.
In short, he seemed to be like some specially manly and refined young gentleman, playing waterman for a spree, and I concluded that this was the case.
In short, it praised the determined action of the Government as the acme of human wisdom and mercy, and exulted in the inauguration of an epoch of reasonable democracy free from the tyrannical fads of Socialism.
In short, the magistrate had received his orders; and with no more to do than might come of a long stupid speech, which might have been written by Dickens in mockery, he discharged the prisoners, who went back to their meeting-place and at once began a due sitting.
In short, their dress was somewhat between that of the ancient classical costume and the simpler forms of the fourteenth century garments, though it was clearly not an imitation of either: the materials were light and gay to suit the season.
In short, to me a wonder of a bridge.
In short, we shall have to trea species in the same manner as those naturalists treat genera, who admi that genera are merely artificial combinations made for convenience.
In si out of thirty of the closed flowers in an Indian violet (name unknown, fo the plants have never produced with me perfect flowers), the sepals ar reduced from the normal number of five to three.
In snakes according to Schlegel, the shape of the body and the manner of swallowin determine the position and form of several of the most important viscera.
In social animals i will adapt the structure of each individual for the benefit of the whol community; if the community profits by the selected change.
In som cases, however, unchanged, or but little changed, individuals of the sam breed exist in less civilised districts, where the breed has been les improved.
In som orchids there is no caudicle to the pollen-masses, and the grains ar merely tied together by fine threads; but as these are not confined t orchids, they need not here be considered; yet I may mention that at th base of the orchidaceous series, in Cypripedium, we can see how the thread were probably first developed.
In some cases compulsory habit alone ha sufficed to produce inherited mental changes; in other cases compulsor habit has done nothing, and all has been the result of selection, pursue both methodically and unconsciously; but in most cases habit and selectio have probably concurred.
In some cases it can be shown that widely-different checks act o the same species in different districts.
In some cases no doubt the process o modification will be confined to a single line of descent, and the numbe of modified descendants will not be increased; although the amount o divergent modification may have been augmented.
In some cases the intercrossing of aboriginally distinct specie appears to have played an important part in the origin of our breeds.
In some cases those which were correct in one part of the scale were found to be from half an inch to an inch wrong in other parts.
In some cases variations or individua differences of a favourable nature may never have arisen for natura selection to act on and accumulate.
In some cases we might easily put down to disuse modifications of structur which are wholly, or mainly due to natural selection.
In some cases, as we shall hereafter see, lowly organise forms appear to have been preserved to the present day, from inhabitin confined or peculiar stations, where they have been subjected to les severe competition, and where their scanty numbers have retarded the chanc of favourable variations arising.
In some cases, however, th extermination of whole groups, as of ammonites, towards the close of th secondary period, has been wonderfully sudden.
In some cases, however, the mature animal must be considered as lower i the scale than the larva, as with certain parasitic crustaceans.
In some circles, we know, she would never be admitted, but with good dinners, and large parties, there will always be those who will be glad of her acquaintance; and there is, undoubtedly, more liberality and candour on those points than formerly.
In some few case there has been what we must call retrogression or organisation.
In some few cases, however, as by th breaking of an isthmus and the consequent irruption of a multitude of ne inhabitants into an adjoining sea, or by the final subsidence of an island the process of extinction may have been rapid.
In some instances the males alone, i other instances, both males and females, have been observed thus to diffe in a slight degree.
In some o the most recent beds, though undoubtedly of high antiquity if measured b years, only one or two species are extinct, and only one or two are new having appeared there for the first time, either locally, or, as far as w know, on the face of the earth.
In some of the saws about wind and weather, there is so much truth that, though trite and simple, their insertion here can do no harm.
In some other gener they are present, but in a rudimentary condition.
In some parts, only small portions, in other parts, large portions of  rhombic plate were thus left between the opposed basins, but the work, fro the unnatural state of things, had not been neatly performed.
In some points of interest they were exactly opposed to each other.
In some the mercury would no descend lower than about 29 inches, owing to a fault very common in the construction of the marine barometer till lately in general use, that the cistern was not large enough to hold the mercury which descendes from the tube in a low atmospheric pressure.
In space, light, furniture, and prospect, there was nothing alike in the two apartments; and she often heaved a sigh at the remembrance of all her books and boxes, and various comforts there.
In spite of appearances, it was limited and cowardly, because it did not really believe in itself.
In spite of herself, she could not help half a smile, but she said nothing.
In spite of his intended silence, Sir Thomas found himself once more obliged to mention the subject to his niece, to prepare her briefly for its being imparted to her aunts; a measure which he would still have avoided, if possible, but which became necessary from the totally opposite feelings of Mr. Crawford as to any secrecy of proceeding.
In spite of my new-born excitement about Ellen, and my gathering fear of where it would land me, I could not help taking abundant interest in the condition of the river and its banks; all the more as she never seemed weary of the changing picture, but looked at every yard of flowery bank and gurgling eddy with the same kind of affectionate interest which I myself once had so fully, as I used to think, and perhaps had not altogether lost even in this strangely changed society with all its wonders.
In such a district, as you would call it, some neighbours think that something ought to be done or undone: a new town-hall built; a clearance of inconvenient houses; or say a stone bridge substituted for some ugly old iron one, - there you have undoing and doing in one.
In such cases natural selectio might specialise, if any advantage were thus gained, the whole or part o an organ, which had previously performed two functions, for one functio alone, and thus by insensible steps greatly change its nature.
In such cases the most probable solution seems to be that the habit was at first acquired by practice at a more advanced age and afterwards transmitted to the offspring at an earlier age.
In such cases, and many other could be given, habits have changed without a corresponding change o structure.
In such cases, if the varying individual did not actuall transmit to its offspring its newly-acquired character, it woul undoubtedly transmit to them, as long as the existing conditions remaine the same, a still stronger tendency to vary in the same manner.
In such cases, slight modifications, which in an way favoured the individuals of any species, by better adapting them t their altered conditions, would tend to be preserved; and natural selectio would have free scope for the work of improvement.
In th British Adoxa the uppermost flower generally has two calyx-lobes with th other organs tetramerous, while the surrounding flowers generally hav three calyx-lobes with the other organs pentamerous.
In th Cordillera of South America, nearly under the equator, glaciers onc extended far below their present level.
In th avicularia and vibracula of the Polyzoa we have organs widely different i appearance developed from the same source; and with the vibracula we ca understand how the successive gradations might have been of service.
In th case of an extensive and shallow sea, such as that within a large part o the Malay Archipelago, where the depth varies from thirty or forty to sixt fathoms, a widely extended formation might be formed during a period o elevation, and yet not suffer excessively from denudation during its slo upheaval; but the thickness of the formation could not be great, for owin to the elevatory movement it would be less than the depth in which it wa formed; nor would the deposit be much consolidated, nor be capped b overlying formations, so that it would run a good chance of being worn awa by atmospheric degradation and by the action of the sea during subsequen oscillations of level.
In th case of the fish (Hippocampus) the eggs are hatched, and the young ar reared for a time, within a sack of this nature; and an America naturalist, Mr. Lockwood, believes from what he has seen of the developmen of the young, that they are nourished by a secretion from the cutaneou glands of the sack.
In th diagram each letter on the uppermost line may represent a genus includin several species; and the whole of the genera along this upper line for together one class, for all are descended from one ancient parent, and consequently, have inherited something in common.
In th first and simplest stage, the terminal segment of a limb shuts down eithe on the square summit of the broad penultimate segment, or against one whol side, and is thus enabled to catch hold of an object, but the limb stil serves as an organ of locomotion.
In th frigate-bird, the deeply scooped membrane between the toes shows tha structure has begun to change.
In th paddles of the gigantic extinct sea-lizards, and in the mouths of certai suctorial crustaceans, the general pattern seems thus to have becom partially obscured.
In th second place, it should always be borne in mind that when one part i modified, so will be other parts, through certain dimly seen causes, suc as an increased or diminished flow of nutriment to a part, mutual pressure an early developed part affecting one subsequently developed, and so fort  - as well as through other causes which lead to the many mysterious case of correlation, which we do not in the least understand.
In th vegetable kingdom we have a case of analogous variation, in the enlarge stems, or as commonly called roots, of the Swedish turnip and ruta-baga plants which several botanists rank as varieties produced by cultivatio from a common parent:  if this be not so, the case will then be one o analogous variation in two so-called distinct species; and to these a thir may be added, namely, the common turnip.
In that house, which she had hardly entered twice a year since Mr. Norris's death, she became a welcome, an invited guest, and in the gloom and dirt of a November day, most acceptable to Mary Crawford.
In the Admiral's Nam There was no return to the subject.
In the Ateuchus o sacred beetle of the Egyptians, they are totally deficient.
In the Australia mammals, we see the process of diversification in an early and incomplet stage of development.
In the Azores, from the large number of plants commo to Europe, in comparison with the species on the other islands of th Atlantic, which stand nearer to the mainland, and (as remarked by Mr. H.C. Watson) from their somewhat northern character, in comparison with th latitude, I suspected that these islands had been partly stocked b ice-borne seeds during the Glacial epoch.
In the Cordillera, I estimated one mas of conglomerate at ten thousand feet; and although conglomerates hav probably been accumulated at a quicker rate than finer sediments, yet fro being formed of worn and rounded pebbles, each of which bears the stamp o time, they are good to show how slowly the mass must have been heape together.
In the First Report of the Committee on Shipwrecks (1843), the following evidence was printed by order of the House of Commons.
In the Lebanon, according to Dr. Hooker, perpetual snow formerl covered the central axis, and fed glaciers which rolled 4,000 feet down th valleys.
In the Onites apelles the tarsi are so habitually lost tha the insect has been described as not having them.
In the Spanish chestnut, and in certain fir trees, the angles of divergence of the leaves differ, according to Schacht in the nearly horizontal and in the upright branches.
In the afternoon he turned his steps towards his nephew's house.
In the animalcular Kosmos there was one feature of superlative abnormality: the clock, with its pendulum, its dial, and its hands.
In the barometer usually employed on shore, the index error is the same throughout the whole range of scale readings, if the instrument be properly made; but in nearly all the barometers which have till recently been employed at sea, the index correction varies through the range of scale readings, in proportion to the difference of capacity between the cistern and the tube.
In the barometers now in general use by meteorologists on land, the diameters of the tubes are nearly equal throughout their whole length and a provision is made for adjusting the mercury in the cistern to the zero point, previous to reading the height of the top of the column.
In the best columns, those of standards for example, no concavity is seen, at any time: but it is otherwise with many barometers, which do show a concavity.
In the bronze cuckoo the eggs vary greatly in size, fro eight to ten lines in length.
In the calmness of her own dressing-room, in the impartial flow of her own meditations, unbiassed by his bewildering statements, she could not acknowledge any necessity for Fanny's ever going near a father and mother who had done without her so long, while she was so useful to herself And as to the not missing her, which under Mrs. Norris's discussion was the point attempted to be proved, she set herself very steadily against admitting any such thing.
In the case o the mistletoe, which draws its nourishment from certain trees, which ha seeds that must be transported by certain birds, and which has flowers wit separate sexes absolutely requiring the agency of certain insects to brin pollen from one flower to the other, it is equally preposterous to accoun for the structure of this parasite, with its relations to several distinc organic beings, by the effects of external conditions, or of habit, or o the volition of the plant itself.
In the case of a large tree covered with innumerable flowers, it may b objected that pollen could seldom be carried from tree to tree, and at mos only from flower to flower on the same tree; and flowers on the same tre can be considered as distinct individuals only in a limited sense.
In the case of animals an plants with separated sexes, it is of course obvious that two individual must always (with the exception of the curious and not well understoo cases of parthenogenesis) unite for each birth; but in the case o hermaphrodites this is far from obvious.
In the case of first crosses it seem to depend on several circumstances; in some instances in chief part on th early death of the embryo.
In the case of hybrids, it apparently depend on their whole organisation having been disturbed by being compounded fro two distinct forms; the sterility being closely allied to that which s frequently affects pure species, when exposed to new and unnatura conditions of life.
In the case of most of our anciently domesticated animals and plants, it i not possible to come to any definite conclusion, whether they are descende from one or several wild species.
In the case of strongl marked races of some other domesticated species, there is presumptive o even strong evidence that all are descended from a single wild stock.
In the case of the European cuckoo, the offspring of the foster-parents ar commonly ejected from the nest within three days after the cuckoo i hatched; and as the latter at this age is in a most helpless condition, Mr. Gould was formerly inclined to believe that the act of ejection wa performed by the foster-parents themselves.
In the case of the water-ouzel, the acutest observer, b examining its dead body, would never have suspected its sub-aquatic habits yet this bird, which is allied to the thrush family, subsists b diving, - using its wings under water and grasping stones with its feet.
In the case of those species which have undergone during whole geological periods, little modification, there is not muc difficulty in believing that they have migrated from the same region; fo during the vast geographical and climatical changes which have supervene since ancient times, almost any amount of migration is possible.
In the case of varieties of the same species, the struggle will generall be almost equally severe, and we sometimes see the contest soon decided: for instance, if several varieties of wheat be sown together, and the mixe seed be resown, some of the varieties which best suit the soil or climate or are naturally the most fertile, will beat the others and so yield mor seed, and will consequently in a few years supplant the other varieties.
In the cases in which we know of n intermediate or transitional states, we should be extremely cautious i concluding that none can have existed, for the metamorphoses of many organ show what wonderful changes in function are at least possible.
In the cat tribe, most of the species when adult ar striped or spotted in lines; and stripes or spots can be plainl distinguished in the whelp of the lion and the puma.
In the chapter on geological succession I attempted to show, on th principle of each group having generally diverged much in character durin the long-continued process of modification, how it is that the more ancien forms of life often present characters in some degree intermediate betwee existing groups.
In the common ru and some other plants, one flower, usually the central or terminal one opens first, and has five sepals and petals, and five divisions to th ovarium; while all the other flowers on the plant are tetramerous.
In the coral-producing oceans such sunken islands are no marked by rings of coral or atolls standing over them.
In the country, therefore, the Miss Bertrams continued to exercise their memories, practise their duets, and grow tall and womanly: and their father saw them becoming in person, manner, and accomplishments, everything that could satisfy his anxiety.
In the course of tw months, I picked up in my garden twelve kinds of seeds, out of th excrement of small birds, and these seemed perfect, and some of them, whic were tried, germinated.
In the diagram each horizontal line has hitherto been supposed to represen a thousand generations, but each may represent a million or mor generations; it may also represent a section of the successive strata o the earth's crust including extinct remains.
In the diagram th process is represented up to the ten-thousandth generation, and under  condensed and simplified form up to the fourteen-thousandth generation.
In the drawing-room Mr. Crawford certainly was, having been just long enough arrived to be ready for dinner; and the smiles and pleased looks of the three others standing round him, shewed how welcome was his sudden resolution of coming to them for a few days on leaving Bath.
In the drawing-room they were met with equal cordiality by the mother, and Miss Bertram had all the distinction with each that she could wish.
In the earlier editions of this work I underrated, as it now seem probable, the frequency and importance of modifications due to spontaneou variability.
In the evening a few circumstances occurred which he thought more promising.
In the evening it was found, according to the predetermination of Mrs. Grant and her sister, that after making up the whist-table there would remain sufficient for a round game, and everybody being as perfectly complying and without a choice as on such occasions they always are, speculation was decided on almost as soon as whist; and Lady Bertram soon found herself in the critical situation of being applied to for her own choice between the games, and being required either to draw a card for whist or not.
In the evening there was another parting.
In the family o the ducks, the lamellae are first used as teeth, then partly as teeth an partly as a sifting apparatus, and at last almost exclusively for thi latter purpose.
In the first Number of Meteorological Papers, published by the Board of Trade, 1857, is the following passage respecting the use of weather-glasses.
In the first case the tw sexual elements which go to form the embryo are perfect; in the second cas they are either not at all developed, or are imperfectly developed.
In the first chapter I attempted to show tha changed conditions act in two ways, directly on the whole organisation o on certain parts alone, and indirectly through the reproductive system.
In the first part of this great work he admits the truth of th descent and modification of species, and supports this doctrine by man original observations.
In the first place varieties, even strongly-marked ones, though having somewhat of th character of species - as is shown by the hopeless doubts in many cases ho to rank them - yet certainly differ far less from each other than do goo and distinct species.
In the first place we should be extremely cautious in inferring, because a area is now continuous, that it has been continuous during a long period.
In the first place, I have collected so large a body of facts, and made s many experiments, showing, in accordance with the almost universal belie of breeders, that with animals and plants a cross between differen varieties, or between individuals of the same variety but of anothe strain, gives vigour and fertility to the offspring; and on the other hand that CLOSE interbreeding diminishes vigour and fertility; that these fact alone incline me to believe that it is a general law of nature that n organic being fertilises itself for a perpetuity of generations; but that  cross with another individual is occasionally - perhaps at long intervals o time - indispensable.
In the first place, William was gone.
In the first place, it may be observed that the amount o external difference between two species is no sure guide to their degree o mutual sterility, so that similar differences in the case of varietie would be no sure guide.
In the first place, it may be remarked that specie inhabiting distinct regions are often sterile when crossed; now it coul clearly have been of no advantage to such separated species to have bee rendered mutually sterile, and consequently this could not have bee effected through natural selection; but it may perhaps be argued, that, i a species was rendered sterile with some one compatriot, sterility wit other species would follow as a necessary contingency.
In the first place, it should always be borne in mind what sort o intermediate forms must, on the theory, have formerly existed.
In the first place, we are much too ignorant in regard to the whole econom of any one organic being to say what slight modifications would be o importance or not.
In the following cases the conditions seem to have produced som slight definite effect:  E. Forbes asserts that shells at their souther limit, and when living in shallow water, are more brightly coloured tha those of the same species from further north or from a greater depth; bu this certainly does not always hold good.
In the following remarks I shal not confine myself to the mere question of dispersal, but shall conside some other cases bearing on the truth of the two theories of independen creation and of descent with modification.
In the foregoing cases, we see the same end gained and the same functio performed, in beings not at all or only remotely allied, by organs i appearance, though not in development, closely similar.
In the foregoing illustration, I have assumed that at the commencement o our imaginary Glacial period, the arctic productions were as uniform roun the polar regions as they are at the present day.
In the former case the nature of th organism is such that it yields readily, when subjected to certai conditions, and all, or nearly all, the individuals become modified in th same way.
In the future I see open fields for far more important researches.
In the genu Hippeastrum, in Corydalis as shown by Professor Hildebrand, in variou orchids as shown by Mr. Scott and Fritz Muller, all the individuals are i this peculiar condition.
In the genus Lingula, for instance, the species whic have successively appeared at all ages must have been connected by a unbroken series of generations, from the lowest Silurian stratum to th present day.
In the genus Prion, a member of the distinct family o the Petrels, the upper mandible alone is furnished with lamellae, which ar well developed and project beneath the margin; so that the beak of thi bird resembles in this respect the mouth of a whale.
In the grea class of the Crustacea, forms wonderfully distinct from each other, namely suctorial parasites, cirripedes, entomostraca, and even the malacostraca appear at first as larvae under the nauplius-form; and as these larvae liv and feed in the open sea, and are not adapted for any peculiar habits o life, and from other reasons assigned by Fritz Muller, it is probable tha at some very remote period an independent adult animal, resembling th Nauplius, existed, and subsequently produced, along several divergent line of descent, the above-named great Crustacean groups.
In the great class of molluscs, though the parts in distinct species can b shown to be homologous, only a few serial homologies; such as the valves o Chitons, can be indicated; that is, we are seldom enabled to say that on part is homologous with another part in the same individual.
In the great class of the Articulata, we may start from an optic nerv simply coated with pigment, the latter sometimes forming a sort of pupil but destitute of lens or other optical contrivance.
In the gymnotu and torpedo they no doubt serve as powerful means of defence, and perhap for securing prey; yet in the ray, as observed by Matteucci, an analogou organ in the tail manifests but little electricity, even when the animal i greatly irritated; so little that it can hardly be of any use for the abov purposes.
In the higher Vertebrata th branchiae have wholly disappeared - but in the embryo the slits on the side of the neck and the loop-like course of the arteries still mark thei former position.
In the hors we see this tendency strong whenever a dun tint appears - a tint whic approaches to that of the general colouring of the other species of th genus.
In the last chapter I shall give a brie recapitulation of the whole work, and a few concluding remarks.
In the latter case the organisation seems to become plastic, an we have much fluctuating variability.
In the long run selection gains the day, and we do no expect to fail so completely as to breed a bird as coarse as a commo tumbler pigeon from a good short-faced strain.
In the main street, at the corner of the court, some labourers were repairing the gas-pipes, and had lighted a great fire in a brazier, round which a party of ragged men and boys were gathered: warming their hands and winking their eyes before the blaze in rapture.
In the mean time the girl had gone straight home, light as a bird, tremulous with joy, to the little cottage where she lived alone with a maiden aunt; and to that lady, a grim, sixty years old Scotchwoman, with a nodding head, communicated news of her encounter and invitation.
In the midst a paved be-fountained square, populated only by a few men dressed in blue, and a good many singularly ugly bronze images (one on the top of a tall column).
In the midst of this, the oblong yellow space in the north wall was seen to open, and the Clockmaker entered and proceeded to wind up the clock.
In the moment of parting, Edmund was invited by Dr. Grant to eat his mutton with him the next day; and Fanny had barely time for an unpleasant feeling on the occasion, when Mrs. Grant, with sudden recollection, turned to her and asked for the pleasure of her company too.
In the nex chapter I shall discuss the complex and little known laws of variation.
In the next chapter I shall consider the geologica succession of organic beings throughout time; in the twelfth an thirteenth, their geographical distribution throughout space; in th fourteenth, their classification or mutual affinities, both when mature an in an embryonic condition.
In the next chapter the struggle for existence among al organic beings throughout the world, which inevitably follows from the hig geometrical ratio of their increase, will be considered.
In the nineteenth century, society was so miserably poor, owing to the systematised robbery on which it was founded, that real education was impossible for anybody.
In the northwest part of India the Kattywar breed of horses is so generall striped, that, as I hear from Colonel Poole, who examined this breed fo the Indian Government, a horse without stripes is not considered as purel bred.
In the old times all this was the result of poverty.
In the older tertiary beds a few livin shells may still be found in the midst of a multitude of extinct forms.
In the one case, th conditions of life have been disturbed, though often in so slight a degre as to be inappreciable by us; in the other case, or that of hybrids, th external conditions have remained the same, but the organisation has bee disturbed by two distinct structures and constitutions, including of cours the reproductive systems, having been blended into one.
In the previous observations, general reference has been made to mercurial barometers of the ordinary kind; but, excepting the construction of the instruments themselves, those observations apply to all barometers, wheel - aneroid - or metallic - and likewise, of course, to the sympiesometer, which is a modified barometer.
In the regular course of events the southern hemisphere would in its tur be subjected to a severe Glacial period, with the northern hemispher rendered warmer; and then the southern temperate forms would invade th equatorial lowlands.
In the same district in which  species of Leptalis closely imitates an Ithomia, there are sometimes othe Lepidoptera mimicking the same Ithomia:  so that in the same place, specie of three genera of butterflies and even a moth are found all closel resembling a butterfly belonging to a fourth genus.
In the same family there may be a genus as Dianthus, in which very many species can most readily be crossed; an another genus, as Silene, in which the most persevering efforts have faile to produce between extremely close species a single hybrid.
In the same low, eager voice, and the same close neighbourhood, he went on, reurging the same questions as before.
In the same manner as in grafting trees, the capacity in one species o variety to take on another, is incidental on differences, generally of a unknown nature, in their vegetative systems, so in crossing, the greater o less facility of one species to unite with another is incidental on unknow differences in their reproductive systems.
In the same manner as the sterility of hybrids does not always ru parallel with the difficulty of making the first cross between the tw parent-species, so that sterility of certain illegitimate plants wa unusually great, while the sterility of the union from which they wer derived was by no means great.
In the same manner, at the present day, we see that very man European productions cover the ground in La Plata, New Zealand, and to  lesser degree in Australia, and have beaten the natives; whereas extremel few southern forms have become naturalised in any part of the norther hemisphere, though hides, wool, and other objects likely to carry seed have been largely imported into Europe during the last two or thre centuries from La Plata and during the last forty or fifty years fro Australia.
In the same way that a knife which has to cut all sorts of thing may be of almost any shape; whilst a tool for some particular purpose mus be of some particular shape.
In the same way the Englis racehorse and English pointer have apparently both gone on slowly divergin in character from their original stocks, without either having given of any fresh branches or races.
In the sea-urchins the steps can b followed by which a fixed spine becomes articulated to the shell, and i thus rendered movable.
In the secon place, it is almost as much opposed to the theory of natural selection a to that of special creation, that in reciprocal crosses the male element o one form should have been rendered utterly impotent on a second form, whil at the same time the male element of this second form is enabled freely t fertilise the first form; for this peculiar state of the reproductiv system could hardly have been advantageous to either species.
In the secon stage, answering to the chrysalis stage of butterflies, they have six pair of beautifully constructed natatory legs, a pair of magnificent compoun eyes, and extremely complex antennae; but they have a closed and imperfec mouth, and cannot feed:  their function at this stage is, to search out b their well-developed organs of sense, and to reach by their active power of swimming, a proper place on which to become attached and to underg their final metamorphosis.
In the second and fourth chapters, on Variation and o Natural Selection, I have attempted to show that within each country it i the widely ranging, the much diffused and common, that is the dominan species, belonging to the larger genera in each class, which vary most.
In the second place, we may easily err in attributing importance t characters, and in believing that they have been developed through natura selection.
In the several successive palaeozoic formations o Russia, Western Europe and North America, a similar parallelism in th forms of life has been observed by several authors; so it is, according t Lyell, with the European and North American tertiary deposits.
In the simpler cas of neuter insects all of one caste, which, as I believe, have been rendere different from the fertile males and females through natural selection, w may conclude from the analogy of ordinary variations, that the successive slight, profitable modifications did not first arise in all the neuters i the same nest, but in some few alone; and that by the survival of th communities with females which produced most neuters having th advantageous modification, all the neuters ultimately came to be thu characterized.
In the sixth chapter I enumerated the chief objections which might b justly urged against the views maintained in this volume.
In the skeletons of the several breeds, the development of the bones of th face, in length and breadth and curvature, differs enormously.
In the survival o favoured individuals and races, during the constantly recurrent Struggl for Existence, we see a powerful and ever-acting form of Selection.
In the sympiesometer a gas is used, which presses on the confined surface of the liquid with an uniform pressure at an equal state of temperature.
In the third place, we have to allow for the direc and definite action of changed conditions of life, and for so-calle spontaneous variations, in which the nature of the conditions apparentl plays a quite subordinate part.
In the trade winds of the tropics there is usually a counter current of air, with light clouds, which does not indicate an approaching change.
In the tropics, when the barometric column moves contrary to its usual daily motion, inferior weather may be expected (temporarily) because the usual air currents are disturbed.
In the vegetable kingdom Mr. Mivart only alludes to two cases, namely th structure of the flowers of orchids, and the movements of climbing plants.
In the water-beetle, the structure of its legs so well adapted for diving, allows it to compete with other aquati insects, to hunt for its own prey, and to escape serving as prey to othe animals.
In the writings of Professor Owen we continuall meet with the expression of generalised forms, as applied to extinc animals; and in the writings of Agassiz, of prophetic or synthetic types and these terms imply that such forms are, in fact, intermediate o connecting links.
In the year 1853 a conference of maritime nations was held at Brussels on the subject of meteorology at sea.
In their house I shall call to mind the conjugal manners of Mansfield Parsonage with respect.
In their most perfec condition they curiously resemble the head and beak of a vulture i miniature, seated on a neck and capable of movement, as is likewise th lower jaw or mandible.
In their new homes the will be exposed to new conditions, and will frequently undergo furthe modification and improvement; and thus they will become still furthe victorious, and will produce groups of modified descendants.
In their uncle's house they had found a kind home.
In their very last conversation, Miss Crawford, in spite of some amiable sensations, and much personal kindness, had still been Miss Crawford; still shewn a mind led astray and bewildered, and without any suspicion of being so; darkened, yet fancying itself light.
In there, for instance, they make pottery and glass, - there, you can see the tops of the furnaces.
In thes remarks we have referred to special parts or organs being still variable because they have recently varied and thus come to differ; but we have als seen in the second chapter that the same principle applies to the whol individual; for in a district where many species of a genus are found - tha is, where there has been much former variation and differentiation, o where the manufactory of new specific forms has been actively at work - i that district and among these species, we now find, on an average, mos varieties.
In thes several cases, with the exception of that of the well-developed ray florets, which are of service in making the flowers conspicuous to insects natural selection cannot, as far as we can judge, have come into play, o only in a quite subordinate manner.
In thes several senses, which pass into each other, I use for convenience sake th general term of Struggle for Existence.
In thes two latter classes the stems have generally, but not always, lost the powe of twining, though they retain the power of revolving, which the tendril likewise possess.
In these cases there is usually a combination or a contest of currents in the atmosphere, horizontally, or one above the other, of diagonally.
In these chapters I have endeavoured to show that if we make due allowanc for our ignorance of the full effects of changes of climate and of th level of the land, which have certainly occurred within the recent period and of other changes which have probably occurred - if we remember ho ignorant we are with respect to the many curious means of occasiona transport - if we bear in mind, and this is a very important consideration how often a species may have ranged continuously over a wide area, and the have become extinct in the intermediate tracts - the difficulty is no insuperable in believing that all the individuals of the same species wherever found, are descended from common parents.
In these remarks on predominence, it should be understoo that reference is made only to the forms which come into competition wit each other, and more especially to the members of the same genus or clas having nearly similar habits of life.
In these several respect they resemble the plates of baleen in the mouth of a whale.
In these works he up holds the doctrine that all species including man, are descended from other species.
In they all came, one after another; some shyly, some boldly, some gracefully, some awkwardly, some pushing, some pulling; in they all came, anyhow and everyhow.
In they both came, and Mrs. Price having kindly kissed her daughter again, and commented a little on her growth, began with very natural solicitude to feel for their fatigues and wants as travellers.
In thi case the identity in nature between the arms of the pedicellariae and th movable branches of a spine, is unmistakable.
In thi latter species the lamellae are much coarser than in the shoveller, and ar firmly attached to the sides of the mandible; they are only about fifty i number on each side, and do not project at all beneath the margin.
In this application of it, generally, twenty-five vernier spaces equal twenty-four of the scale spaces, which are each half a tenth, or five hundredths of an inch therefore, the difference between one of the vernier and one of the scale is two-tenths of a hundredth, or two thousandths of an inch.
In this as in other matters we have become wealthy: we can afford to give ourselves time to grow.
In this case a gradual chang of structure is supposed to lead to changed instinctive habits.
In this case it would be quite impossible to giv definitions by which the several members of the several groups could b distinguished from their more immediate parents and descendants.
In this case its affinities to the other fourteen ne species will be of a curious and circuitous nature.
In this case the gradual acquirement at an earlier and earlie age of the adult structure would be favoured by natural selection; and al traces of former metamorphoses would finally be lost.
In this case there is of course no relation to genealogical succession, an no cause can at present be assigned for their falling into groups.
In this case we ca clearly see that if we wish in imagination to give the plant the power o increasing in numbers, we should have to give it some advantage over it competitors, or over the animals which prey on it.
In this case, as the struggle for life di not depend on such structures, they could not have been acquired throug natural selection.
In this case, however, it may be strongly suspected tha the resemblance is only analogical, owing to the Phascolomys having becom adapted to habits like those of a Rodent.
In this case, natural selection would tend to add to th stature of the plant, to whatever order it belonged, and thus first conver it into a bush and then into a tree.
In this chapter I have attempted to show that the arrangement of al organic beings throughout all time in groups under groups - that the natur of the relationships by which all living and extinct organisms are unite by complex, radiating, and circuitous lines of affinities into a few gran classes - the rules followed and the difficulties encountered by naturalist in their classifications - the value set upon characters, if constant an prevalent, whether of high or of the most trifling importance, or, as wit rudimentary organs of no importance - the wide opposition in value betwee analogical or adaptive characters, and characters of true affinity; an other such rules - all naturally follow if we admit the common parentage o allied forms, together with their modification through variation an natural selection, with the contingencies of extinction and divergence o character.
In this concentration of the rays we gain the firs and by far the most important step towards the formation of a true picture-forming eye; for we have only to place the naked extremity of th optic nerve, which in some of the lower animals lies deeply buried in th body, and in some near the surface, at the right distance from th concentrating apparatus, and an image will be formed on it.
In this family several hen birds unite and lay first a few eggs in one nes and then in another; and these are hatched by the males.
In this last an complete state, cirripedes may be considered as either more highly or mor lowly organised than they were in the larval condition.
In this latter bird the lamellae of the upper mandible ar much coarser than in the common duck, almost confluent, about twenty-seve in number on each side, and terminating upward in teeth-like knobs.
In this latter case we have  pollinium in its most highly developed and perfect condition.
In this latter case, as long a the rate of subsidence and supply of sediment nearly balance each other the sea will remain shallow and favourable for many and varied forms, an thus a rich fossiliferous formation, thick enough, when upraised, to resis a large amount of denudation, may be formed.
In this mood he tumbled into bed, and fell asleep after his wont, in two minutes' time; but (contrary to his wont) woke up again not long after in that curiously wide-awake condition which sometimes surprises even good sleepers; a condition under which we feel all our wits preternaturally sharpened, while all the miserable muddles we have ever got into, all the disgraces and losses of our lives, will insist on thrusting themselves forward for the consideration of those sharpened wits.
In this more placid state of things William reentered, followed not far behind by his mother and Betsey.
In this occupation she hoped, moreover, to bury some of the recollections of Mansfield, which were too apt to seize her mind if her fingers only were busy; and, especially at this time, hoped it might be useful in diverting her thoughts from pursuing Edmund to London, whither, on the authority of her aunt's last letter, she knew he was gone.
In this paper he distinctly recognises the principle o natural selection, and this is the first recognition which has bee indicated; but he applies it only to the races of man, and to certai characters alone.
In this part of the world, towards the higher latitudes, the quicksilve ranges, or rises and falls, nearly three inches - namely, between about thirty inches and nine-tenths, and less than twenty-eight inches on extraordinary occasions; but the usual range is from about thirty inches and a half, to about twenty-nine inches.
In this pleasant place, which of course I knew to be the hall of the Guest House, three young women were flitting to and fro.
In this quarter, indeed, disappointment was impending over Sir Thomas.
In this respect enclosure of the land plays a part.
In this respect, therefore, the species of the larger gener resemble varieties, more than do the species of the smaller genera.
In this sense he may be said t have made for himself useful breeds.
In this spirit he began the attack, and by animated perseverance had soon re-established the sort of familiar intercourse, of gallantry, of flirtation, which bounded his views; but in triumphing over the discretion which, though beginning in anger, might have saved them both, he had put himself in the power of feelings on her side more strong than he had supposed.
In this state he lay (says our friend) till he had almost begun to enjoy it: till the tale of his stupidities amused him, and the entanglements before him, which he saw so clearly, began to shape themselves into an amusing story for him.
In this way barometers of various other descriptions have been tested and their errors found to be so large that some barometers read half a inch and upwards too high, while others read as much too low.
In this way the scale readings maybe tested at any required degree of temperature, and the usual practice is to test them at every ten degree from 32 degto 92 degof Fahrenheit.
In this way water barometers have been made.
In this work a full account is give of Buffon's conclusions on the same subject.
In this world the penalty is less equal than could be wished; but without presuming to look forward to a juster appointment hereafter, we may fairly consider a man of sense, like Henry Crawford, to be providing for himself no small portion of vexation and regret: vexation that must rise sometimes to self-reproach, and regret to wretchedness, in having so requited hospitality, so injured family peace, so forfeited his best, most estimable, and endeared acquaintance, and so lost the woman whom he had rationally as well as passionately loved.
In this, and in almost every other case, the enquiry may b pushed further backwards; and it may be asked how did the stigma of a ordinary flower become viscid, but as we do not know the full history o any one group of beings, it is as useless to ask, as it is hopeless t attempt answering, such questions.
In those days he had been married, and driven his wife and infant daughter in a pony trap.
In those days my middle age would be beginning now, and in a few years I should be pinched, thin, and haggard, beset with troubles and miseries, so that no one could have guessed that I was once a beautiful girl.
In three of these genera (A, F, and I) a species has transmitte modified descendants to the present day, represented by the fifteen gener (a14 to z14) on the uppermost horizontal line.
In thus sending her away, Sir Thomas perhaps might not be thinking merely of her health.
In times past, it is clear that the 'Society' of the day helped its Judaic god, and the 'Man of Science' of the time, in visiting the sins of the fathers upon the children.
In tracing the homologies of any part i different members of the same class, nothing is more common, or, in orde fully to understand the relations of the parts, more useful than th discovery of rudiments.
In treating this subject, two classes of facts, to a large exten fundamentally different, have generally been confounded; namely, th sterility of species when first crossed, and the sterility of the hybrid produced from them.
In truth, the owners of the machines did not consider anything which they made as wares, but simply as means for the enrichment of themselves.
In tumbler pigeons, though some of the subvarieties differ in the importan character of the length of the beak, yet all are kept together from havin the common habit of tumbling; but the short-faced breed has nearly or quit lost this habit; nevertheless, without any thought on the subject, thes tumblers are kept in the same group, because allied in blood and alike i some other respects.
In two of these families which were more especially examined by Muller, and which are nearly relate to each other, the species agree most closely in all important characters: namely in their sense organs, circulating systems, in the position of th tufts of hair within their complex stomachs, and lastly in the whol structure of the water-breathing branchiae, even to the microscopical hook by which they are cleansed.
In two or more groups of animals however much they may differ from each other in structure and habits i their adult condition, if they pass through closely similar embryoni stages, we may feel assured that they are all descended from one parent form, and are therefore closely related.
In vain were the well-meant condescensions of Sir Thomas, and all the officious prognostications of Mrs. Norris that she would be a good girl; in vain did Lady Bertram smile and make her sit on the sofa with herself and pug, and vain was even the sight of a gooseberry tart towards giving her comfort; she could scarcely swallow two mouthfuls before tears interrupted her, and sleep seeming to be her likeliest friend, she was taken to finish her sorrows in bed.
In very damp weather, with of before rain, fog, or dew, two such thermometers will be nearly alike.
In very many cases, however, one for is ranked as a variety of another, not because the intermediate links hav actually been found, but because analogy leads the observer to suppos either that they do now somewhere exist, or may formerly have existed; an here a wide door for the entry of doubt and conjecture is opened.
In very many other cases though there is no special mechanical contrivance to prevent the stigm receiving pollen from the same flower, yet, as Sprengel, and more recentl Hildebrand and others have shown, and as I can confirm, either the anther burst before the stigma is ready for fertilisation, or the stigma is read before the pollen of that flower is ready, so that these so-name dichogamous plants have in fact separated sexes, and must habitually b crossed.
In watching them she forgot herself; and, agitated by the increasing spirit of Edmund's manner, had once closed the page and turned away exactly as he wanted help.
In water less pure, more salt, dense, and buoyant, the instrument float higher, carrying more of the graduated scale out of the fluid.
In your bedchamber I know you cannot have a fire.
Inasmuch as peculiarities often appear under domestication in one sex an become hereditarily attached to that sex, so no doubt it will be unde nature.
Incessant torture of remorse.
Incredible shabbiness and niggardly pinching reigned over the fields and acres which, in spite of the rude and careless husbandry of the times, were so kind and bountiful.
Indeed that was true; for many of the people were clad in colours that were sober enough, though beautiful, and the harmony of the colours was perfect and most delightful.
Indeed, I believe I am the only man in England who would know what you mean; and since I know, I will answer your question briefly by saying that we are very well off as to politics, - because we have none.
Indeed, I believe that at one time they were actually compelled to do some such work, because they, especially the women, got so ugly and produced such ugly children if their disease was not treated sharply, that the neighbours couldn't stand it.
Indeed, I do not see that you could possibly place her anywhere else.
Indeed, I may say here, that, though, as you will have noted, my friends had mostly something to say about books, yet they were not great readers, considering the refinement of their manners and the great amount of leisure which they obviously had.
Indeed, I must tell you that many grown people will go to live in the forests through the summer; though they for the most part go to the bigger ones, like Windsor, or the Forest of Dean, or the northern wastes.
Indeed, from all I have read and heard, I much doubt whether, without this seemingly dreadful civil war, the due talent for administration would have been developed amongst the working men.
Indeed, his manner of treating this latter part of the question seemed to me a little disrespectful.
Indeed, how can one care for those one has never seen? Well, when your cousin comes back, he will find Mansfield very quiet; all the noisy ones gone, your brother and mine and myself I do not like the idea of leaving Mrs. Grant now the time draws near.
Indeed, if he hadn't chanced in upon me to-day I should have had to have sent for him to-morrow.
Indeed, in spite of my bath, I felt the weather more sultry and oppressive than on any day of our journey yet.
Indeed, in those days it was thought poetic and imaginative to look upon life as a thing to be borne, rather than enjoyed.
Indeed, one may say that for nearly a hundred years the people of the northern parts of America have been engaged in gradually making a dwelling-place out of a stinking dust-heap; and there is still a great deal to do, especially as the country is so big.
Indeed, the Spirit did not stay for anything, but went straight on, as to the end just now desired, until besought by Scrooge to tarry for a moment.
Indeed, the old man gradually, as he warmed to his subject, dropped his sneering manner, and both spoke and looked very seriously.
Indeed, we are old friends, and now near neighbours; and, a propos, how are we off for neighbours, Richard? The cottage stands, I think, upon your father's land - a family which I respect - and the wood, I understand, is Lord Trevanion's.
Indeed, you shall not; it shall not be in your power; for so long only as you positively say, in every letter to Mary, 'I am well,' and I know you cannot speak or write a falsehood, so long only shall you be considered as well.
Independence was more needful than ever; the want of it at Mansfield more sensibly felt.
Independent of his two cousins' enjoyment in it, the evening was to him of no higher value than any other appointed meeting of the two families might be.
Independently of our not finding fossil remains of such infinitely numerou connecting links, it may be objected that time cannot have sufficed for s great an amount of organic change, all changes having been effected slowly.
Independently of the question of fertility and sterility, in all othe respects there seems to be a general and close similarity in the offsprin of crossed species, and of crossed varieties.
Independently of the question of fertility in all other respects there is the closest general resemblance betwee hybrids and mongrels, in their variability, in their power of absorbin each other by repeated crosses, and in their inheritance of characters fro both parent-forms.
Independently of the question of fertility, the offspring of species and o varieties when crossed may be compared in several other respects.
Indications of approaching changes of weather, and the direction and force of winds are shown less by the height of mercury in the tube, than by its falling or rising.
Indications of weather, afforded by colours, seem to deserve more critical study than has been often given to the subject.
Individuals of the same species often present, as is known to every one great differences of structure, independently of variation, as in the tw sexes of various animals, in the two or three castes of sterile females o workers among insects, and in the immature and larval states of many of th lower animals.
Indolence and love of ease; a want of all laudable ambition, of taste for good company, or of inclination to take the trouble of being agreeable, which make men clergymen.
Inexpressibly shocked, I hurried past him and hastened along the road that led to the river and the lower end of the village; but suddenly I saw as it were a black cloud rolling along to meet me, like a nightmare of my childish days; and for a while I was conscious of nothing else than being in the dark, and whether I was walking, or sitting, or lying down, I could not tell.
Inland, along the whole northern bank of the Plata, I saw besides modern tertiary beds, only one small patch of slightl metamorphosed rock, which alone could have formed a part of the origina capping of the granitic series.
Innocent and quiet as you sit here, you cannot have an idea of the sensation that you will be occasioning, of the curiosity there will be to see you, of the endless questions I shall have to answer! Poor Margaret Fraser will be at me for ever about your eyes and your teeth, and how you do your hair, and who makes your shoes.
Innumerable other example could be given.
Innumerable other instances could be given.
Inquire where she would, she could not find out that Mrs. Grant had ever had more than five thousand pounds.
Insects act like a camel-hair pencil, and it i sufficient, to ensure fertilisation, just to touch with the same brush th anthers of one flower and then the stigma of another; but it must not b supposed that bees would thus produce a multitude of hybrids betwee distinct species; for if a plant's own pollen and that from another specie are placed on the same stigma, the former is so prepotent that i invariably and completely destroys, as has been shown by Gartner, th influence of the foreign pollen.
Insects are preyed on by birds and other enemies whos sight is probably sharper than ours, and every grade in resemblance whic aided an insect to escape notice or detection, would tend towards it preservation; and the more perfect the resemblance so much the better fo the insect.
Insects in seeking the necta would get dusted with pollen, and would often transport it from one flowe to another.
Insects often resembl for the sake of protection various objects, such as green or decaye leaves, dead twigs, bits of lichen, flowers, spines, excrement of birds and living insects; but to this latter point I shall hereafter recur.
Instances could be given among plants and insects, of  group first ranked by practised naturalists as only a genus, and the raised to the rank of a subfamily or family; and this has been done, no because further research has detected important structural differences, a first overlooked, but because numerous allied species, with slightl different grades of difference, have been subsequently discovered.
Instances could be given of similar varieties being produced from the sam species under external conditions of life as different as can well b conceived; and, on the other hand, of dissimilar varieties being produce under apparently the same external conditions.
Instances of fine weather, with a low glass, occur exceptionally, but they are always preludes to a duration of wind or rain, if not both.
Instances, also, could be given of this having occurred during floods without any change of level.
Instead of being sent for out of the room, and seeing him first, and having to spread the happy news through the house, Sir Thomas, with a very reasonable dependence, perhaps, on the nerves of his wife and children, had sought no confidant but the butler, and had been following him almost instantaneously into the drawing-room.
Instead of being soon well enough to follow his friends, as he had then hoped, his disorder increased considerably, and it was not long before he thought so ill of himself as to be as ready as his physician to have a letter despatched to Mansfield.
Instead of envying Mr. Rushworth, you should assist him with your opinion.
Instincts comparable with habits, but different in their origin  - Instincts graduated  -  Aphides and ants  -  Instincts variable  -  Domesti instincts, their origin  -  Natural instincts of the cuckoo, molothrus ostrich, and parasitic bees  -  Slave-making ants  -  Hive-bee, it cell-making instinct  -  Changes of instinct and structure not necessaril simultaneous  -  Difficulties of the theory of the Natural Selection o instincts  -  Neuter or sterile insects  -  Summary.
Intercrossin with the inhabitants of the surrounding districts, will also be thu prevented.
Intercrossing plays a very important part in nature by keeping th individuals of the same species, or of the same variety, true and unifor in character.
Intercrossing will chiefl affect those animals which unite for each birth and wander much, and whic do not breed at a very quick rate.
Invitations were sent with despatch, and many a young lady went to bed that night with her head full of happy cares as well as Fanny.
Irrespective of any scientific object, how much utility is there to all classes in what is commonly called 'weather wisdom'?
Is it so hard to say, I ask your pardon, neighbour? - Well, sometimes it is hard - and let it be.
Is it then very improbable that the natural selection of individual swifts which secreted more and more saliva, should at last produce a species wit instincts leading it to neglect other materials and to make its nes exclusively of inspissated saliva?  And so in other cases.
Is its pattern strange to you? Scrooge trembled more and more.
Is not she a sister's child? and could I bear to see her want while I had a bit of bread to give her? My dear Sir Thomas, with all my faults I have a warm heart; and, poor as I am, would rather deny myself the necessaries of life than do an ungenerous thing.
Is not there a something wanted, Miss Price, in our language - a something between compliments and -  and love - to suit the sort of friendly acquaintance we have had together? So many months' acquaintance! But compliments may be sufficient here.
Is that the sort of man we want? He has been given the lie, and has swallowed the insult.
Is that the sort of man we want? I answer No! With all the force of my conviction, I answer, No! And then he signed and dated the letter with an amateur's pride, and looked to be famous by the morrow.
Is there anything I can do for you in town? I have half an idea of going into Norfolk again soon.
Is this the case?  A larg majority of palaeontologists would answer in the affirmative; and it seem that this answer must be admitted as true, though difficult of proof.
Isidore Geoffroy St.
Isn't it a jewel of a house after its kind? Well, come along, for it is getting towards dinner-time.
Isolation also is an important element in the modification of specie through natural selection.
It (Pangbourne) was distinctly a village still - i.e., a definite group of houses, and as pretty as might be.
It accords with the widely extended principle o specialisation, that the glands over a certain space of the sack shoul have become more highly developed than the remainder; and they would the have formed a breast, but at first without a nipple, as we see in th Ornithorhyncus, at the base of the mammalian series.
It acts in any position, but as it often varies several hundredths with such a change, it should be held uniformly, while read off.
It appeared from one of her aunt's letters that Julia had offered to return if wanted, but this was all.
It appears probable that disuse has been the main agent in rendering organ rudimentary.
It astonished her that Tom's sisters could be satisfied with remaining in London at such a time, through an illness which had now, under different degrees of danger, lasted several weeks.
It became absolutely necessary for her to get to Fanny and try to learn something more.
It beckoned Scrooge to approach, which he did.
It began to improve immensely in the days which followed on the acquittal of its members.
It bore the London postmark, and came from Edmund.
It came happily while she was thus waiting; and there being neither ceremony nor fearfulness to delay the moment of meeting, she was with him as he entered the house, and the first minutes of exquisite feeling had no interruption and no witnesses, unless the servants chiefly intent upon opening the proper doors could be called such.
It came, and she had yet heard nothing of her return - nothing even of the going to London, which was to precede her return.
It can act only when there are places in the natural polity of a distric which can be better occupied by the modification of some of its existin inhabitants.
It can be clearly shown that the most wonderfu instincts with which we are acquainted, namely, those of the hive-bee an of many ants, could not possibly have been acquired by habit.
It can be no sacrifice on their side, for it is highly comic.
It can be shown that plants most widely different in habit an general appearance, and having strongly marked differences in every part o the flower, even in the pollen, in the fruit, and in the cotyledons, can b crossed.
It can be shown that thi statement is not correct; but naturalists differ much in determining wha characters are of generic value; all such valuations being at presen empirical.
It can hardly be supposed that a false theory would explain, in s satisfactory a manner as does the theory of natural selection, the severa large classes of facts above specified.
It can make very little difference to you, whether you are in one house or the other.
It can thus be shown that neither sterility nor fertility afford any certain distinction between species and varieties.
It can thus obtain food beyond the reach of the othe Ungulata or hoofed animals inhabiting the same country; and this must be  great advantage to it during dearths.
It can, however, be proved tru only in those cases in which the ancient state of the progenitor of th group has not been wholly obliterated, either by successive variation having supervened at a very early period of growth, or by such variation having been inherited at an earlier age than that at which they firs appeared.
It cannot b denied that we are as yet very ignorant as to the full extent of th various climatical and geographical changes which have affected the eart during modern periods; and such changes will often have facilitate migration.
It cannot b maintained that species when intercrossed are invariably sterile an varieties invariably fertile; or that sterility is a special endowment an sign of creation.
It cannot be denied that such abrup and great changes of structure are widely different from those which mos species apparently have undergone.
It cannot be said, on th ordinary view of creation, that there has not been time for the creation o mammals; many volcanic islands are sufficiently ancient, as shown by th stupendous degradation which they have suffered, and by their tertiar strata:  there has also been time for the production of endemic specie belonging to other classes; and on continents it is known that new specie of mammals appear and disappear at a quicker rate than other and lowe animals.
It cannot have been of much importance to the greater numbe of mammals, birds, or reptiles, whether they were clothed with hair feathers or scales; yet hair has been transmitted to almost all mammals feathers to all birds, and scales to all true reptiles.
It certainly at firs appears a highly remarkable fact that the same female butterfly should hav the power of producing at the same time three distinct female forms and  male; and that an hermaphrodite plant should produce from the same seed capsule three distinct hermaphrodite forms, bearing three different kind of females and three or even six different kinds of males.
It certainly may secure all the myrtle and turkey part of it.
It certainly was; for they had been two kindred spirits.
It chilled him and taught him wisdom.
It comes, too, in such an acceptable moment.
It could make no difference in the play, and as for Cottager himself, when he has got his wife's speeches, I would undertake him with all my heart.
It could only be imputed to increasing attachment.
It delighted Mrs. Grant to keep them both with her, and Dr. Grant was exceedingly well contented to have it so: a talking pretty young woman like Miss Crawford is always pleasant society to an indolent, stay-at-home man; and Mr. Crawford's being his guest was an excuse for drinking claret every day.
It deserves especia notice that many of the mimicking forms of the Leptalis, as well as of th mimicked forms, can be shown by a graduated series to be merely varietie of the same species; while others are undoubtedly distinct species.
It deserves notice that certain orders were fa more injured than others:  nine Leguminosae were tried, and, with on exception, they resisted the salt-water badly; seven species of the allie orders, Hydrophyllaceae and Polemoniaceae, were all killed by a month' immersion.
It deserves notice that i is of no importance to a very young animal, as long as it is nourished an protected by its parent, whether most of its characters are acquired  little earlier or later in life.
It did not suit his sense of propriety, and he was silenced, till induced by further smiles and liveliness to put the matter by for the present.
It does him the highest honour; it shews his proper estimation of the blessing of domestic happiness and pure attachment.
It does not seem probable that the mos ancient beds have been quite worn away by denudation, or that their fossil have been wholly obliterated by metamorphic action, for if this had bee the case we should have found only small remnants of the formations nex succeeding them in age, and these would always have existed in a partiall metamorphosed condition.
It does so however near enough for ordinary practical purposes - provided that no sun, nor fire nor lamp heat is allowed to act on the instrument partially.
It ended in Mrs. Norris's resolving to quit Mansfield and devote herself to her unfortunate Maria, and in an establishment being formed for them in another country, remote and private, where, shut up together with little society, on one side no affection, on the other no judgment, it may be reasonably supposed that their tempers became their mutual punishment.
It entertains me more than many other things have done; but then I am unlike other people, I dare say.
It gave her a very strong claim on my goodwill.
It gave him little surprise, however; for he had been revolving in his mind a change of life, and thought and hoped he saw his new-born resolutions carried out in this.
It gives me sincere satisfaction.
It ha been asserted that these are plainest in the foal, and from inquiries whic I have made, I believe this to be true.
It ha often been asserted, but the assertion is incapable of proof, that th amount of variation under nature is a strictly limited quantity.
It had appeared to her the only thing to be done.
It had been a miserable party, each of the three believing themselves most miserable.
It had been real business, relative to the renewal of a lease in which the welfare of a large and - he believed -  industrious family was at stake.
It had been the shock of conviction as she read.
It had been their school-room; so called till the Miss Bertrams would not allow it to be called so any longer, and inhabited as such to a later period.
It had been, as he before presumed, too hasty a measure on Crawford's side, and time must be given to make the idea first familiar, and then agreeable to her.
It had every recommendation to him; and while honouring her for what she had done under the influence of her present indifference, honouring her in rather stronger terms than Sir Thomas could quite echo, he was most earnest in hoping, and sanguine in believing, that it would be a match at last, and that, united by mutual affection, it would appear that their dispositions were as exactly fitted to make them blessed in each other, as he was now beginning seriously to consider them.
It had left her nothing to do.
It had never dawned upon him that this shiftless, thriftless, worthless, sponging parasite was yet, after and in spite of all, not mercenary in the issue of his thoughts; yet so it was.
It had never occurred to her, on the present occasion, but as a thing to be carefully avoided.
It had occurred to Sir Thomas, in one of his dignified musings, as a right and desirable measure; but before he absolutely made up his mind, he consulted his son.
It had really occurred to her, unprompted, that Fanny, preparing for a ball, might be glad of better help than the upper housemaid's, and when dressed herself, she actually sent her own maid to assist her; too late, of course, to be of any use.
It had very early occurred to her that a small sum of money might, perhaps, restore peace for ever on the sore subject of the silver knife, canvassed as it now was continually, and the riches which she was in possession of herself, her uncle having given her 10 at parting, made her as able as she was willing to be generous.
It had, however, been a very happy one to Fanny through four dances, and she was quite grieved to be losing even a quarter of an hour.
It had, in fact, occurred to her, that though taken to Portsmouth for nothing, it would be hardly possible for her to avoid paying her own expenses back again.
It has already been stated that various parts in the same individual, whic are exactly alike during an early embryonic period, become widely differen and serve for widely different purposes in the adult state.
It has als been observed that when the pollen of one species is placed on the stigm of a distantly allied species, though the pollen-tubes protrude, they d not penetrate the stigmatic surface.
It has bee asserted, that of the best short-beaked tumbler-pigeons a greater numbe perish in the egg than are able to get out of it; so that fanciers assis in the act of hatching.
It has been already remarked, that the degree of fertility, both of firs crosses and of hybrids, graduates from zero to perfect fertility.
It has been argued that, as none of the animals and plants of Egypt, o which we know anything, have changed during the last three or four thousan years, so probably have none in any part of the world.
It has been asked by the opponents of such views as I hold, how, fo instance, could a land carnivorous animal have been converted into one wit aquatic habits; for how could the animal in its transitional state hav subsisted?  It would be easy to show that there now exist carnivorou animals presenting close intermediate grades from strictly terrestrial t aquatic habits; and as each exists by a struggle for life, it is clear tha each must be well adapted to its place in nature.
It has been asserted over and over again, by writers who believe in th immutability of species, that geology yields no linking forms.
It has been both asserted and denied that the American cucko occasionally lays her eggs in other birds' nests; but I have lately hear from Dr. Merrill, of Iowa, that he once found in Illinois a young cuckoo together with a young jay in the nest of a blue jay (Garrulus cristatus) and as both were nearly full feathered, there could be no mistake in thei identification.
It has been experimentally proved, that if a plot of ground be sown wit one species of grass, and a similar plot be sown with several distinc genera of grasses, a greater number of plants and a greater weight of dr herbage can be raised in the latter than in the former case.
It has been objected that I have not noticed other related instincts an adaptations of structure in the cuckoo, which are spoken of as necessaril co-ordinated.
It has been objected that in order to modify th eye and still preserve it as a perfect instrument, many changes would hav to be effected simultaneously, which, it is assumed, could not be don through natural selection; but as I have attempted to show in my work o the variation of domestic animals, it is not necessary to suppose that th modifications were all simultaneous, if they were extremely slight an gradual.
It has been remarked that a skilful workman, wit fitting tools and measures, would find it very difficult to make cells o wax of the true form, though this is effected by a crowd of bees working i a dark hive.
It has been said that I spea of natural selection as an active power or Deity; but who objects to a author speaking of the attraction of gravity as ruling the movements of th planets?  Every one knows what is meant and is implied by such metaphorica expressions; and they are almost necessary for brevity.
It has been said, that a whirlwind which sets an extended portion of the atmosphere into a state of rapid revolution diminishes the pressure of the atmosphere over that portion of the earth's surface, and most of all at the centre of the whirl.
It has been seen in the last chapter that among organic being in a state of nature there is some individual variability:  indeed I am no aware that this has ever been disputed.
It has been suggested that moths may fertilise the clovers; but  doubt whether they could do so in the case of the red clover, from thei weight not being sufficient to depress the wing petals.
It has consisted i always cultivating the best known variety, sowing its seeds, and, when  slightly better variety chanced to appear, selecting it, and so onwards.
It has everything in its favour: heroism, danger, bustle, fashion.
It has latel been shown that bees, instead of searching for pollen, will gladly use  very different substance, namely, oatmeal.
It has lately been asserted tha two such distinct species as the hare and rabbit, when they can be got t breed together, produce offspring, which are highly fertile when crosse with one of the parent-species.
It has never worn an amiable form to me.
It has often been asked, if natural selection be so potent, why has no this or that structure been gained by certain species, to which it woul apparently have been advantageous?  But it is unreasonable to expect  precise answer to such questions, considering our ignorance of the pas history of each species, and of the conditions which at the present da determine its numbers and range.
It has often been assumed that man has chosen for domestication animals an plants having an extraordinary inherent tendency to vary, and likewise t withstand diverse climates.
It has often been said, and no doubt truly, that one ages very quickly if one lives amongst unhappy people.
It has often been stated that domestic races do not differ fro each other in characters of generic value.
It has recently been objected tha this is an unsafe method of arguing; but it is a method used in judging o the common events of life, and has often been used by the greatest natura philosophers.
It has, also recently bee ascertained on sufficient evidence, by Adolf Muller, that the cucko occasionally lays her eggs on the bare ground, sits on them and feeds he young.
It has, however, been suggested by Mr. Hopkins that if one part of the area, after rising and before being denuded subsided, the deposit formed during the rising movement, though not thick might afterwards become protected by fresh accumulations, and thus b preserved for a long period.
It held a branch of fresh green holly in its hand; and, in singular contradiction of that wintry emblem, had its dress trimmed with summer flowers.
It i a more curious fact, previously referred to, that the achenes or seeds o the circumference and centre sometimes differ greatly in form, colour an other characters.
It i certain that insects and blood-sucking bats determine the existence of th larger naturalised quadrupeds in several parts of South America.
It i certain that several of our eminent breeders have, even within a singl lifetime, modified to a large extent their breeds of cattle and sheep.
It i from this cause, as Sir S. Baker remarks, that no animal is more difficul to stalk than the giraffe.
It i not that chickens have lost all fear, but fear only of dogs and cats, fo if the hen gives the danger chuckle they will run (more especially youn turkeys) from under her and conceal themselves in the surrounding grass o thickets; and this is evidently done for the instinctive purpose o allowing, as we see in wild ground-birds, their mother to fly away.
It i not, for instance, probable that sediment was deposited during the whole o the glacial period near the mouth of the Mississippi, within that limit o depth at which marine animals can best flourish:  for we know that grea geographical changes occurred in other parts of America during this spac of time.
It i now known that some animals are capable of reproduction at a very earl age, before they have acquired their perfect characters; and if this powe became thoroughly well developed in a species, it seems probable that th adult stage of development would sooner or later be lost; and in this case especially if the larva differed much from the mature form, the characte of the species would be greatly changed and degraded.
It i surprising in how many curious ways this gradation can be shown; but onl the barest outline of the facts can here be given.
It i therefore impossible to conjecture by what serviceable gradations the on could have been converted into the other, but it by no means follows fro this that such gradations have not existed.
It is a cas almost certainly of reversion.
It is a common belief that the more ancient a form is, by so much the mor it tends to connect by some of its characters groups now widely separate from each other.
It is a fact of some importance to us, tha peculiarities appearing in the males of our domestic breeds are ofte transmitted, either exclusively or in a much greater degree, to the male alone.
It is a fair, even-handed, noble adjustment of things, that while there is infection in disease and sorrow, there is nothing in the world so irresistibly contagious as laughter and good-humour.
It is a good weather glass to be suspended on or near the upper deck, for easy reference; and is unlikely to be injured by mere concussion of air, or vibration of wood, when guns are fired.
It is a great deal too bad.
It is a great defect of temper, made worse by a very faulty habit of self-indulgence; and to see your sister suffering from it must be exceedingly painful to such feelings as yours.
It is a great while since we have had any star-gazing.
It is a handsome chapel, and was formerly in constant use both morning and evening.
It is a law of the widest generality, and every continent offer innumerable instances.
It is a lovely night, and they are much to be pitied who have not been taught to feel, in some degree, as you do; who have not, at least, been given a taste for Nature in early life.
It is a more important consideration, leading to the same result, as latel insisted on by Dr. Falconer, namely, that the period during which eac species underwent modification, though long as measured by years, wa probably short in comparison with that during which it remained withou undergoing any change.
It is a more important fact that according to the high authorit of Hofmeister, the young shoots and leaves of all plants move after bein shaken; and with climbing plants it is, as we know, only during the earl stages of growth that the foot-stalks and tendrils are sensitive.
It is a much more probable view that th rattlesnake uses its rattle, the cobra expands its frill and the puff-adde swells while hissing so loudly and harshly, in order to alarm the man birds and beasts which are known to attack even the most venomous species.
It is a name of heroism and renown; of kings, princes, and knights; and seems to breathe the spirit of chivalry and warm affections.
It is a part of an Englishman's constitution.
It is a pleasure which we are afraid of losing, not a pain.
It is a point of great delicacy, and you must assist us in our endeavours to choose exactly the right line of conduct.
It is a ponderous chain! Scrooge glanced about him on the floor, in the expectation of finding himself surrounded by some fifty or sixty fathoms of iron cable: but he could see nothing.
It is a remarkable fact, strongly insisted on by Hooker in regard t America, and by Alph.
It is a remarkable fact, that the secondary differences between the tw sexes of the same species are generally displayed in the very same parts o the organisation in which the species of the same genus differ from eac other.
It is a rule of high generality that th inhabitants of each area are related to the inhabitants of the neares source whence immigrants might have been derived.
It is a strange result which w thus arrive at, namely, that characters of slight vital importance to th species, are the most important to the systematist; but, as we shal hereafter see when we treat of the genetic principle of classification this is by no means so paradoxical as it may at first appear.
It is a subject on which I should never ask advice; it is the sort of subject on which it had better never be asked; and few, I imagine, do ask it, but when they want to be influenced against their conscience.
It is a truly wonderful fact - th wonder of which we are apt to overlook from familiarity - that all animal and all plants throughout all time and space should be related to eac other in groups, subordinate to groups, in the manner which we everywher behold - namely, varieties of the same species most closely related, specie of the same genus less closely and unequally related, forming sections an sub-genera, species of distinct genera much less closely related, an genera related in different degrees, forming sub-families, families orders, sub-classes, and classes.
It is a very anxious period for her.
It is about Lovers' Vows.
It is admitted by most evolutionist that mammals are descended from a marsupial form; and if so, the mammar glands will have been at first developed within the marsupial sack.
It is admitted that the rattlesnake has  poison-fang for its own defence and for the destruction of its prey; bu some authors suppose that at the same time it is furnished with a rattl for its own injury, namely, to warn its prey.
It is all very bad! Put yourself in Miss Crawford's place, Fanny.
It is all-important to remember that naturalists have no golden rule b which to distinguish species and varieties; they grant some littl variability to each species, but when they meet with a somewhat greate amount of difference between any two forms, they rank both as species unless they are enabled to connect them together by the closes intermediate gradations; and this, from the reasons just assigned, we ca seldom hope to effect in any one geological section.
It is almost strange what a difference this intelligence made in my estimate of the country life of that day; for it used to be said in past times, and on the whole truly, that outside their daily work country people knew little of the country, and at least could tell you nothing about it; while here were these people as eager about all the goings on in the fields and woods and downs as if they had been Cockneys newly escaped from the tyranny of bricks and mortar.
It is also a fact, that Scrooge had seen it, night and morning, during his whole residence in that place; also that Scrooge had as little of what is called fancy about him as any man in the city of London, even including - which is a bold word - the corporation, aldermen, and livery.
It is also a mos favourable circumstance for the production of distinct breeds, that mal and female pigeons can be easily mated for life; and thus different breed can be kept together in the same aviary.
It is also a remarkable fact that hybrids raise from reciprocal crosses, though of course compounded of the very same tw species, the one species having first been used as the father and then a the mother, though they rarely differ in external characters, yet generall differ in fertility in a small, and occasionally in a high degree.
It is also know with the higher animals, even after early youth, that the skull yields an is altered in shape, if the skin or muscles be permanently contracte through disease or some accident.
It is also most instructive to compare - but I have not space her to enter on details - the evidence advanced by our best botanists on th question whether certain doubtful forms should be ranked as species o varieties, with the evidence from fertility adduced by differen hybridisers, or by the same observer from experiments made during differen years.
It is also natural tha the dominant, varying and far-spreading species, which have alread invaded, to a certain extent, the territories of other species, should b those which would have the best chance of spreading still further, and o giving rise in new countries to other new varieties and species.
It is also necessary to bear in mind that, owing to the law o correlation, when one part varies and the variations are accumulate through natural selection, other modifications, often of the mos unexpected nature, will ensue.
It is also obvious that the individuals of th same species, though now inhabiting distant and isolated regions, must hav proceeded from one spot, where their parents were first produced:  for, a has been explained, it is incredible that individuals identically the sam should have been produced from parents specifically distinct.
It is also probable that each great period of subsidence would b interrupted by oscillations of level, and that slight climatical change would intervene during such lengthy periods; and in these cases th inhabitants of the archipelago would migrate, and no closely consecutiv record of their modifications could be preserved in any one formation.
It is also, I believe, a universal rule, tha a rudimentary part is of greater size in the embryo relatively to th adjoining parts, than in the adult; so that the organ at this early age i less rudimentary, or even cannot be said to be in any degree rudimentary.
It is an attachment to govern his whole life.
It is an evil, but I am certainly making it less than it might be.
It is an excellent lesson to reflect on th ascertained amount of migration of the inhabitants of Europe during th glacial epoch, which forms only a part of one whole geological period; an likewise to reflect on the changes of level, on the extreme change o climate, and on the great lapse of time, all included within this sam glacial period.
It is an important fact that rudimentary organs, such as teeth in the uppe jaws of whales and ruminants, can often be detected in the embryo, but afterwards wholly disappear.
It is an incidental result of differences in the reproductiv systems of the parent-species.
It is an insipid fruit at the best; but a good apricot is eatable, which none from my garden are.
It is an old and almost universal belief, founded on a considerabl body of evidence, which I have elsewhere given, that slight changes in th conditions of life are beneficial to all living things.
It is anger to be talked of rather than felt.
It is as true as that I sit here.
It is called the National Gallery; I have sometimes puzzled as to what the name means: anyhow, nowadays wherever there is a place where pictures are kept as curiosities permanently it is called a National Gallery, perhaps after this one.
It is certain that he can largely influence th character of a breed by selecting, in each successive generation individual differences so slight as to be inappreciable except by a educated eye.
It is certain that many forms, considered by highly competen judges to be varieties, resemble species so completely in character tha they have been thus ranked by other highly competent judges.
It is certain that with species the cause lie exclusively in differences in their sexual constitution.
It is certain, from the observations of Huber, that the aphides show n dislike to the ants:  if the latter be not present they are at las compelled to eject their excretion.
It is certain, on the one hand, that the sterility of various species whe crossed is so different in degree and graduates away so insensibly, and, o the other hand, that the fertility of pure species is so easily affected b various circumstances, that for all practical purposes it is most difficul to say where perfect fertility ends and sterility begins.
It is certainly the modestest part of the business.
It is commonly assumed, perhaps from monstrosities affecting the embryo a a very early period, that slight variations or individual difference necessarily appear at an equally early period.
It is consolatory to me that others fin Professor Owen's controversial writings as difficult to understand and t reconcile with each other, as I do.
It is desirable to place the barometer in such a position as not to be in danger of a side blow, and also sufficiently far from the deck abov to allow for the spring of the metal arm in cases of sudden movements of the ship.
It is different now.
It is difficult to imagine conditions of life more similar than dee limestone caverns under a nearly similar climate; so that, in accordanc with the old view of the blind animals having been separately created fo the American and European caverns, very close similarity in thei organisation and affinities might have been expected.
It is doomed to wander through the world - oh, woe is me! - and witness what it cannot share, but might have shared on earth, and turned to happiness! Again the spectre raised a cry, and shook its chain and wrung its shadowy hands.
It is early for Bath.
It is easy for us to live without robbing each other.
It is enough that I have thought of it, and can release you.
It is enough that by degrees the children and their emotions got out of the parlour, and by one stair at a time, up to the top of the house; where they went to bed, and so subsided.
It is everybody's duty to do as well for themselves as they can.
It is extremely difficult to come to any conclusion in regard t the extent of the changes which have been thus definitely induced.
It is familiar to almost every one, that in a flower th relative position of the sepals, petals, stamens, and pistils, as well a their intimate structure, are intelligible on the view that they consist o metamorphosed leaves, arranged in a spire.
It is felt that distinctness and energy may have weight in recommending the most solid truths; and besides, there is more general observation and taste, a more critical knowledge diffused than formerly; in every congregation there is a larger proportion who know a little of the matter, and who can judge and criticise.
It is fit for Miss Crawford, and Miss Crawford only.
It is for your children's good that I wish to be richer.
It is generally acknowledged that all organic beings have been formed o two great laws - Unity of Type, and the Conditions of Existence.
It is generally admitte that the ordinary spines serve as a protection; and if so, there can be n reason to doubt that those furnished with serrated and movable branche likewise serve for the same purpose; and they would thus serve still mor effectively as soon as by meeting together they acted as a prehensile o snapping apparatus.
It is generally admitted that ther exists between these organs and ordinary muscle a close analogy, i intimate structure, in the distribution of the nerves, and in the manner i which they are acted on by various reagents.
It is generally allowed to be the greatest bore in the world, and Miss Price has found it so, though she did not know it.
It is generally different, and sometimes widely different i reciprocal crosses between the same two species.
It is good thus to try in imagination to give any one species an advantag over another.
It is good to wander along the coast, when formed of moderately hard rocks and mark the process of degradation.
It is hardly an exaggeration to maintai that illegitimate plants are hybrids, produced within the limits of th same species by the improper union of certain forms, while ordinary hybrid are produced from an improper union between so-called distinct species.
It is hardly possible for me to recall to the reader who is not a practica geologist, the facts leading the mind feebly to comprehend the lapse o time.
It is having too much of a good thing.
It is he who sees and worships your merit the strongest, who loves you most devotedly, that has the best right to a return.
It is highly unfit for you to sit, be it only half an hour a day, without a fire.
It is hopeless to attempt to convince any one of th truth of the above proposition without giving the long array of facts whic I have collected, and which cannot possibly be here introduced.
It is however, difficult to decide and immaterial for us, whether habit generally change first and structure afterwards; or whether sligh modifications of structure lead to changed habits; both probably ofte occurring almost simultaneously.
It is ill placed.
It is immaterial for us whether  multitude of doubtful forms be called species or sub-species or varieties what rank, for instance, the two or three hundred doubtful forms of Britis plants are entitled to hold, if the existence of any well-marked varietie be admitted.
It is impossible fo me here to enter on details, but I may specify a few of the points o difference.
It is impossible that your own observation can have given you much knowledge of the clergy.
It is impossible to study the several memoirs and works o those two conscientious and admirable observers, Kolreuter and Gartner, wh almost devoted their lives to this subject, without being deeply impresse with the high generality of some degree of sterility.
It is incredible that the descendant of two organisms, which had originally differed in a marked manner, shoul ever afterwards converge so closely as to lead to a near approach t identity throughout their whole organisation.
It is indeed  remarkable fact to see so many plants of the same species living on th snowy regions of the Alps or Pyrenees, and in the extreme northern parts o Europe; but it is far more remarkable, that the plants on the Whit Mountains, in the United States of America, are all the same with those o Labrador, and nearly all the same, as we hear from Asa Gray, with those o the loftiest mountains of Europe.
It is indeed manifes that multitudes of species are related in the closest manner to othe species that still exist, or have lately existed; and it will hardly b maintained that such species have been developed in an abrupt or sudde manner.
It is indolence, Mr. Bertram, indeed.
It is inexplicable o the theory of creation why a part developed in a very unusual manner in on species alone of a genus, and therefore, as we may naturally infer, o great importance to that species, should be eminently liable to variation but, on our view, this part has undergone, since the several specie branched off from a common progenitor, an unusual amount of variability an modification, and therefore we might expect the part generally to be stil variable.
It is interestin to see two such widely different organs developed from a common origin; an as the movable lip of the cell serves as a protection to the zooid, ther is no difficulty in believing that all the gradations, by which the li became converted first into the lower mandible of an avicularium, and the into an elongated bristle, likewise served as a protection in differen ways and under different circumstances.
It is interesting to contemplate a tangled bank, clothed with many plant of many kinds, with birds singing on the bushes, with various insect flitting about, and with worms crawling through the damp earth, and t reflect that these elaborately constructed forms, so different from eac other, and dependent upon each other in so complex a manner, have all bee produced by laws acting around us.
It is just possible, by the theory, that one of two living forms might hav descended from the other; for instance, a horse from a tapir; and in thi case DIRECT intermediate links will have existed between them.
It is known that with pigeons man slight variations now occasionally appear, but these are rejected as fault or deviations from the standard of perfection in each breed.
It is more difficult to speak well than to compose well; that is, the rules and trick of composition are oftener an object of study.
It is most difficult always to remember that the increase of every livin creature is constantly being checked by unperceived hostile agencies; an that these same unperceived agencies are amply sufficient to cause rarity and finally extinction.
It is much worse to have girls not out give themselves the same airs and take the same liberties as if they were, which I have seen done.
It is no real objection to the truth of the statement that the fauna o each period as a whole is nearly intermediate in character between th preceding and succeeding faunas, that certain genera offer exceptions t the rule.
It is no reflection on you; it is no more than what the greatest admirals have all experienced, more or less, in their time.
It is no that the larger quadrupeds are actually destroyed (except in some rar cases) by flies, but they are incessantly harassed and their strengt reduced, so that they are more subject to disease, or not so well enable in a coming dearth to search for food, or to escape from beasts of prey.
It is no use trying to describe the scene that followed.
It is no valid objection tha science as yet throws no light on the far higher problem of the essence o origin of life.
It is no valid objection to this conclusion, that certain Brachiopods hav been but slightly modified from an extremely remote geological epoch; an that certain land and fresh-water shells have remained nearly the same from the time when, as far as is known, they first appeared.
It is not a insuperable difficulty that Foraminifera have not, as insisted on by Dr. Carpenter, progressed in organisation since even the Laurentian epoch; fo some organisms would have to remain fitted for simple conditions of life and what could be better fitted for this end than these lowly organise Protozoa?  Such objections as the above would be fatal to my view, if i included advance in organisation as a necessary contingent.
It is not always equal i degree in a first cross and in the hybrids produced from this cross.
It is not at all the part for her.
It is not by equality of merit that you can be won.
It is not by protestations that I shall endeavour to convince you I am wronged; it is not by telling you that my affections are steady.
It is not done for me by somebody else, merely that I may eat and drink and sleep; but I myself do my share of it.
It is not easy to imagine two objects more widely different in appearanc than a bristle or vibraculum, and an avicularium like the head of a bird yet they are almost certainly homologous and have been developed from th same common source, namely a zooid with its cell.
It is not from the point at which the mercury may stand that we are alone to form a judgment of the state of the weather, but from its rising or falling; and from the movement of immediately preceding days as well as hours, keeping in mind effect of change of direction, and dryness, or moisture, as well as alteration of force or strength of wind.
It is not intended to discourage attention to what is usually called weather wisdom.
It is not meant that all, but that some of the species have very wid ranges in the genera which range very widely.
It is not possible but that you must have had some thoughts on the subject, some surmises as to what might be.
It is not probable that variability i an inherent and necessary contingent, under all circumstances.
It is not surprising that the difficulty in crossing any two species, an the sterility of their hybrid offspring, should in most cases correspond even if due to distinct causes:  for both depend on the amount o difference between the species which are crossed.
It is not that all large genera ar now varying much, and are thus increasing in the number of their species or that no small genera are now varying and increasing; for if this ha been so, it would have been fatal to my theory; inasmuch as geology plainl tells us that small genera have in the lapse of time often increase greatly in size; and that large genera have often come to their maxima declined, and disappeared.
It is not that the hand is heavy and will fall down when released; it is not that the heart and pulse are still; but that the hand was open, generous, and true; the heart brave, warm, and tender; and the pulse a man's.
It is not that the varieties which differ largely in some on point do not differ at all in other points; this is hardly ever - I spea after careful observation - perhaps never, the case.
It is not that these countries, so ric in species, do not by a strange chance possess the aboriginal stocks of an useful plants, but that the native plants have not been improved b continued selection up to a standard of perfection comparable with tha acquired by the plants in countries anciently civilised.
It is not the thought of a loyal son.
It is not there that respectable people of any denomination can do most good; and it certainly is not there that the influence of the clergy can be most felt.
It is not to be supposed that species in a state of nature ever change s quickly as domestic animals under the guidance of methodical selection.
It is not too late.
It is not ugly, you see, at this end; there is some fine timber, but the situation of the house is dreadful.
It is nothing but the heat.
It is notoriou how much domestic animals vary in their mental qualities.
It is notoriou that the wings of birds and bats, and the legs of horses or othe quadrupeds, are undistinguishable at an early embryonic period, and tha they become differentiated by insensibly fine steps.
It is notorious in ho complicated a manner the species of Pelargonium, Fuchsia, Calceolaria Petunia, Rhododendron, etc., have been crossed, yet many of these hybrid seed freely.
It is notorious on what excessively slight differences man palaeontologists have founded their species; and they do this the mor readily if the specimens come from different sub-stages of the sam formation.
It is notorious that eac species is adapted to the climate of its own home:  species from an arcti or even from a temperate region cannot endure a tropical climate, o conversely.
It is notorious that specific characters are mor variable than generic.
It is now a garden, where nothing is wasted and nothing is spoilt, with the necessary dwellings, sheds, and workshops scattered up and down the country, all trim and neat and pretty.
It is oak entirely.
It is obvious that the Melipon saves wax, and what is more important, labour, by this manner of building for the flat walls between the adjoining cells are not double, but are o the same thickness as the outer spherical portions, and yet each fla portion forms a part of two cells.
It is obvious that unless the lower eye did thus travel round, i could not be used by the fish while lying in its habitual position on on side.
It is one of the many minor forms of suicide.
It is only Count Cassel and Anhalt.
It is only four weeks to-morrow since I left Mansfield.
It is only in those cases in which th modification has been comparatively recent and extraordinarily great tha we ought to find the GENERATIVE VARIABILITY, as it may be called, stil present in a high degree.
It is past two, and we are to dine at five.
It is perfectly natural that you should not have thought much on the subject, Mr. Crawford.
It is possible to raise fro dimorphic species, both long-styled and short-styled illegitimate plants and from trimorphic plants all three illegitimate forms.
It is probable that som did then believe in evolution, but they were either silent or expresse themselves so ambiguously that it was not easy to understand their meaning.
It is probable that there is a meeting, if not contest of air currents, electrically different, whenever lightning is seen.
It is probable that they are occasionally transported by what may be calle accidental means.
It is quite possible tha forms now generally acknowledged to be merely varieties may hereafter b thought worthy of specific names; and in this case scientific and commo language will come into accordance.
It is quite settled that the Grants go to Bath; they leave Mansfield on Monday.
It is quite settled.
It is rather a singular instance of the manner in which similar views aris at about the same time, that Goethe in Germany, Dr. Darwin in England, an Geoffroy Saint-Hilaire (as we shall immediately see) in France, came to th same conclusion on the origin of species, in the years 1794-5.
It is real learning, knowledge cultivated for its own sake - the Art of Knowledge, in short - which is followed there, not the Commercial learning of the past.
It is remarkable, seeing how well the Helix pomati resisted with me the salt-water, that not one of fifty-four specimen belonging to four other species of Helix tried by Aucapitaine recovered.
It is said that in the early days of our epoch there were a good many people who were hereditarily afflicted with a disease called Idleness, because they were the direct descendants of those who in the bad times used to force other people to work for them - the people, you know, who are called slave-holders or employers of labour in the history books.
It is scarcel possible to decide how much allowance ought to be made for such causes o change, as the definite action of external conditions, so-calle spontaneous variations, and the complex laws of growth; but with thes important exceptions, we may conclude that the structure of every livin creature either now is, or was formerly, of some direct or indirect use t its possessor.
It is scarcely possible that the above slight movements, due to a touch o shake, in the young and growing organs of plants, can be of any functiona importance to them.
It is scarcely possible to avoid comparing the eye with a telescope.
It is scarcely possible to doubt tha the love of man has become instinctive in the dog.
It is so common to observe on the same plant, flower indifferently tetramerous, pentamerous, etc., that I need not giv examples; but as numerical variations are comparatively rare when the part are few, I may mention that, according to De Candolle, the flowers o Papaver bracteatum offer either two sepals with four petals (which is th common type with poppies), or three sepals with six petals.
It is so necessary to appreciate the important effects of the laws o growth, that I will give some additional cases of another kind, namely o differences in the same part or organ, due to differences in relativ position on the same plant.
It is sometimes called the Blue-devils now, or the Mulleygrubs.
It is supposed by some naturalists that the more immediate cause of th instinct of the cuckoo is that she lays her eggs, not daily, but a intervals of two or three days; so that, if she were to make her own nes and sit on her own eggs, those first laid would have to be left for som time unincubated or there would be eggs and young birds of different age in the same nest.
It is th doctrine of Malthus applied with manifold force to the whole animal an vegetable kingdoms; for in this case there can be no artificial increase o food, and no prudential restraint from marriage.
It is the dominant and widely ranging specie which vary most frequently and vary most, and varieties are often at firs local - both causes rendering the discovery of intermediate links in any on formation less likely.
It is the general way all young men do.
It is the habits of wealth that I fear.
It is the influence of the fashionable world altogether that I am jealous of.
It is the regret and disappointment of a sister, who thinks her brother has a right to everything he may wish for, at the first moment.
It is the same principle which as I believe, accounts for the common species in each country, as shown i the second chapter, presenting on an average a greater number o well-marked varieties than do the rarer species.
It is the same with our domestic productions:  when a new and slightl improved variety has been raised, it at first supplants the less improve varieties in the same neighbourhood; when much improved it is transporte far and near, like our short-horn cattle, and takes the place of othe breeds in other countries.
It is to be a family remembrancer.
It is too common a fault.
It is true that Edmund was very far from happy himself.
It is true that I can better tell you what we don't do, than what we do do.
It is true that in the nineteenth century, when there was so little art and so much talk about it, there was a theory that art and imaginative literature ought to deal with contemporary life; but they never did so; for, if there was any pretence of it, the author always took care (as Clara hinted just now) to disguise, or exaggerate, or idealise, and in some way or another make it strange; so that, for all the verisimilitude there was, he might just as well have dealt with the times of the Pharaohs.
It is true that it is a great pleasure to see all this for the first time; but if I had had a year or two of memory of it, how sweetly it would all have mingled with my life, waking or dreaming! I am so glad Dick has been pulling slowly, so as to linger out the time here.
It is true that the slave-class could not conceive the happiness of a free life.
It is universall admitted, that in most cases the area inhabited by a species is continuous and that when a plant or animal inhabits two points so distant from eac other, or with an interval of such a nature, that the space could not hav been easily passed over by migration, the fact is given as somethin remarkable and exceptional.
It is unknown how much was consumed in our kitchen by odd comers and goers.
It is very difficult to decide how far changed conditions, such as o climate, food, etc., have acted in a definite manner.
It is very inconvenient to have no butcher in the street.
It is very uncertain when my interest might have got William on.
It is well known that several animals, belonging to the most differen classes, which inhabit the caves of Carniola and Kentucky, are blind.
It is well known what  difference there is in the buoyancy of green and seasoned timber; and i occurred to me that floods would often wash into the sea dried plants o branches with seed-capsules or fruit attached to them.
It is well known, for instance that several species appear somewhat earlier in the palaeozoic beds o North America than in those of Europe; time having apparently been require for their migration from the American to the European seas.
It is well worth whil carefully to study the several treatises on some of our old cultivate plants, as on the hyacinth, potato, even the dahlia, etc.; and it is reall surprising to note the endless points of structure and constitution i which the varieties and sub-varieties differ slightly from each other.
It is without a drawback.
It is worth while to reflect for a moment on the character of the ne species F14, which is supposed not to have diverged much in character, bu to have retained the form of (F), either unaltered or altered only in  slight degree.
It is you who will not help me; for you will not tell me what you want.
It is you, only you, insensible Fanny, who can think of him with anything like indifference.
It is your disposition to be easily dejected and to fancy difficulties greater than they are.
It is, fo instance, an astonishing fact that a delicate branching coralline, studde with polypi, and attached to a submarine rock, should produce, first b budding and then by transverse division, a host of huge floating jelly fishes; and that these should produce eggs, from which are hatched swimmin animalcules, which attach themselves to rocks and become developed int branching corallines; and so on in an endless cycle.
It is, for instance almost certain that our dogs are descended from several wild stocks; yet with perhaps the exception of certain indigenous domestic dogs of Sout America, all are quite fertile together; but analogy makes me greatl doubt, whether the several aboriginal species would at first have freel bred together and have produced quite fertile hybrids.
It is, however possible that the long tail of this monkey may be of more service to it a a balancing organ in making its prodigious leaps, than as a prehensil organ.
It is, however probable, as Sir William Thompson insists, that the world at a very earl period was subjected to more rapid and violent changes in its physica conditions than those now occurring; and such changes would have tended t induce changes at a corresponding rate in the organisms which then existed.
It is, however, an error to suppose that there would be n struggle for existence, and, consequently, no natural selection, until man forms had been produced:  variations in a single species inhabiting a isolated station might be beneficial, and thus the whole mass o individuals might be modified, or two distinct forms might arise.
It is, however, doubtful whether this is reall so; but I will not enlarge on this obscure subject.
It is, however, not at all probable that land-shells have often been thu transported; the feet of birds offer a more probable method.
It is, however, often difficult to distinguish betwee rudimentary and nascent organs; for we can judge only by analogy whether  part is capable of further development, in which case alone it deserves t be called nascent.
It is, however, probable that some seria structures are the result of cells multiplying by division, entailing th multiplication of the parts developed from such cells.
It is, however, probable that the two sorts of flowers borne b the same plant were originally differentiated by finely graduated steps which may still be followed in some few cases.
It is, however, probable, from reasons which I hav assigned in my memoir, that this will have occurred only with plants whic had already acquired the power of revolving, and had thus become twiners.
It is, in fact, the only sure way of providing against the connexion.
It is, indeed, quite futil to look to changes of currents, climate, or other physical conditions, a the cause of these great mutations in the forms of life throughout th world, under the most different climates.
It is, no doubt, extremely difficult even to conjecture by what gradation many structures have been perfected, more especially among broken an failing groups of organic beings, which have suffered much extinction; bu we see so many strange gradations in nature, that we ought to be extremel cautious in saying that any organ or instinct, or any whole structure could not have arrived at its present state by many graduated steps.
It is, of course, open to any on to deny that the eye in either case could have been developed through th natural selection of successive slight variations; but if this be admitte in the one case it is clearly possible in the other; and fundamenta differences of structure in the visual organs of two groups might have bee anticipated, in accordance with this view of their manner of formation.
It is, then, in the autumn, when one almost believes in death.
It is, therefore, of the highest importance to gain a clear insight int the means of modification and coadaptation.
It isn't possible that anything has happened to the sun, and this is twelve at noon! The idea being an alarming one, he scrambled out of bed, and groped his way to the window.
It leads to the improvement of each creature in relation to it organic and inorganic conditions of life; and consequently, in most cases to what must be regarded as an advance in organisation.
It likewise tends to increase the direct action o the physical conditions of life, in relation to the constitution of eac organism.
It looks down on the north-western end of the forest you passed through.
It looks fine from here, doesn't it? But a great deal of it has been built or skinned in the time of the Degradation, and we wouldn't pull the buildings down, since they were there; just as with the buildings of the Dung-Market.
It ma be suspected that before this flora was exterminated during the las Glacial epoch, a few forms had been already widely dispersed to variou points of the southern hemisphere by occasional means of transport, and b the aid, as halting-places, of now sunken islands.
It made her melancholy again; and the knowledge of what must be enduring there, invested even the house, modern, airy, and well situated as it was, with a melancholy aspect.
It made her uncomfortable for a time, but yet there were enjoyments in the day and in the view which would be felt.
It made him shudder, and feel very cold.
It made the substance of one other confidential discourse about Miss Crawford; and Fanny was the more affected from feeling it to be the last time in which Miss Crawford's name would ever be mentioned between them with any remains of liberty.
It makes the works of God a mere mocker and deception; I would almost as soon believe with the old and ignoran cosmogonists, that fossil shells had never lived, but had been created i stone so as to mock the shells now living on the sea-shore.
It may be admitted that it woul profit an incipient species, if it were rendered in some slight degre sterile when crossed with its parent form or with some other variety; fo thus fewer bastardised and deteriorated offspring would be produced t commingle their blood with the new species in process of formation.
It may be asked how far I extend the doctrine of the modification o species.
It may be asked in ridicule whether I suppose that the megatherium an other allied huge monsters, which formerly lived in South America, hav left behind them the sloth, armadillo, and anteater, as their degenerat descendants.
It may be doubte whether any one would have thought of training a dog to point, had not som one dog naturally shown a tendency in this line; and this is know occasionally to happen, as I once saw, in a pure terrier:  the act o pointing is probably, as many have thought, only the exaggerated pause o an animal preparing to spring on its prey.
It may be doubted whether sudden and considerable deviations of structure such as we occasionally see in our domestic productions, more especiall with plants, are ever permanently propagated in a state of nature.
It may be doubted whether the duration of any one great period o subsidence over the whole or part of the archipelago, together with  contemporaneous accumulation of sediment, would EXCEED the average duratio of the same specific forms; and these contingencies are indispensable fo the preservation of all the transitional gradations between any two or mor species.
It may be doubted, for instance whether the Australian marsupials, which are divided into groups differin but little from each other, and feebly representing, as Mr. Waterhouse an others have remarked, our carnivorous, ruminant, and rodent mammals, coul successfully compete with these well-developed orders.
It may be here worth noticing that in some cases o parthenogenesis, the embryos within the eggs of silk moths which had no been fertilised, pass through their early stages of development and the perish like the embryos produced by a cross between distinct species.
It may be objected that the principle of selection has been reduced t methodical practice for scarcely more than three-quarters of a century; i has certainly been more attended to of late years, and many treatises hav been published on the subject; and the result has been, in a correspondin degree, rapid and important.
It may be repeated, that the longer a change of wind or weather is foretold by the barometer before it takes place, the longer the presage weather will last; and, conversely, the shorter the warning, the less time whatever causes the warning; whether wind or a fall of rain, hail or snow, will continue.
It may be urged as an overwhelming argument that there must be som essential distinction between species and varieties inasmuch as the latter however much they may differ from each other in external appearance, cros with perfect facility, and yield perfectly fertile offspring.
It may be well here to remark that with all beings there must be muc fortuitous destruction, which can have little or no influence on the cours of natural selection.
It may be worth notice that when Wagner's remarkable discovery was firs announced, I was asked how was it possible to account for the larvae o this fly having acquired the power of a sexual reproduction.
It may be worth while to give another and more complex illustration of th action of natural selection.
It may be worth while to illustrate some of the foregoing remarks.
It may be worth while to illustrate this view of classification, by takin the case of languages.
It may be worth while to sum up the foregoing remarks on the causes of th imperfection of the geological record under an imaginary illustration.
It may do her some good.
It may even be doubted whether the varieties of any o our domestic plants or animals have so exactly the same strength, habits and constitution, that the original proportions of a mixed stock (crossin being prevented) could be kept up for half-a-dozen generations, if the were allowed to struggle together, in the same manner as beings in a stat of nature, and if the seed or young were not annually preserved in du proportion.
It may even be given as a general rule, tha the less any part of the organisation is concerned with special habits, th more important it becomes for classification.
It may hereafter be in my power, or in yours (I hope it will), to procure him better preferment; but it must not be forgotten that no benefit of that sort would have been beyond his natural claims on us, and that nothing can, in fact, be an equivalent for the certain advantage which he is now obliged to forego through the urgency of your debts.
It may not be convenient for me to be fetched exactly at the two months' end.
It may well be asked how it is possible to reconcile thi case with the theory of natural selection First, let it be remembered that we have innumerable instances, both in ou domestic productions and in those in a state of nature, of all sorts o differences of inherited structure which are correlated with certain age and with either sex.
It migh have been thought that the development of the ray-petals, by drawin nourishment from the reproductive organs causes their abortion; but thi can hardly be the sole case, for in some Compositae the seeds of the oute and inner florets differ, without any difference in the corolla.
It might also perhaps, have been expected that naturalised plants would have belonged t a few groups more especially adapted to certain stations in their ne homes.
It might do very well; she believed she should accept him; and she began accordingly to interest herself a little about the horse which he had to run at the B -  -  - - races.
It might further b expected that the species of the same genus would occasionally exhibi reversions to long-lost characters.
It might have been expected that the plants whic would succeed in becoming naturalised in any land would generally have bee closely allied to the indigenes; for these are commonly looked at a specially created and adapted for their own country.
It might have been thought (and was in ancient times thought) tha those parts of the structure which determined the habits of life, and th general place of each being in the economy of nature, would be of very hig importance in classification.
It might not be saving them much, but it was something, and I could not bear to sit at my ease and be dragged up at the expense of those noble animals.
It might occur to him that Mr. Crawford had been sitting by her long enough, or he might mean to recommend her as a wife by shewing her persuadableness.
It must be admitted that these facts receive n explanation on the theory of creation.
It must be near his time.
It must be sitting up so late last night.
It must be very difficult to keep Anhalt from appearing a formal, solemn lecturer; and the man who chuses the profession itself is, perhaps, one of the last who would wish to represent it on the stage.
It must have injured the piece materially; but I was resolved to make no difficulties.
It must have struck most naturalists as a strange anomaly that, both wit animals and plants, some species of the same family and even of the sam genus, though agreeing closely with each other in their whole organisation are hermaphrodites, and some unisexual.
It must have the strangest appearance! It would be something so very unceremonious, so bordering on disrespect for Mrs. Rushworth, whose own manners were such a pattern of good-breeding and attention, that she really did not feel equal to it.
It must however, be admitted that in many instances we cannot conjecture whether i was instinct or structure which first varied.
It must make him think; and I have no doubt that he oftener endeavours to restrain himself than he would if he had been anything but a clergyman.
It must not be forgotten that, on our theory, all the species o the same genus are the descendants of some one species; so that, if si genera, each having eight species, be found in one geological formation and in a succeeding formation there be six other allied or representativ genera, each with the same number of species, then we may conclude tha generally only one species of each of the older genera has left modifie descendants, which constitute the new genera containing the severa species; the other seven species of each old genus having died out and lef no progeny.
It must not be inferred from these remarks that any of th grades of wing-structure here alluded to, which perhaps may all be th result of disuse, indicate the steps by which birds actually acquired thei perfect power of flight; but they serve to show what diversified means o transition are at least possible.
It must suffice fo our purpose to bear in mind that an indefinite repetition of the same par or organ is the common characteristic, as Owen has remarked, of all low o little specialised forms; therefore the unknown progenitor of th Vertebrata probably possessed many vertebrae; the unknown progenitor of th Articulata, many segments; and the unknown progenitor of flowering plants many leaves arranged in one or more spires.
It must, however, be owned that we cannot understand, on the above or an other view, several facts with respect to the sterility of hybrids; fo instance, the unequal fertility of hybrids produced from reciproca crosses; or the increased sterility in those hybrids which occasionally an exceptionally resemble closely either pure parent.
It need not be supposed that all varieties or incipient species attain th rank of species.
It need not frighten you: it is a nothing of a part, a mere nothing, not above half a dozen speeches altogether, and it will not much signify if nobody hears a word you say; so you may be as creep-mouse as you like, but we must have you to look at.
It now also appears as I hear from Dr. Hooker, that some of these same temperate plants hav been discovered by the Rev. R.T. Lowe on the mountains of the Cape Verd Islands.
It often grieved her to the heart to think of the contrast between them; to think that where nature had made so little difference, circumstances should have made so much, and that her mother, as handsome as Lady Bertram, and some years her junior, should have an appearance so much more worn and faded, so comfortless, so slatternly, so shabby.
It opened before them, and disclosed a long, bare, melancholy room, made barer still by lines of plain deal forms and desks.
It proves him unspoilt by his uncle.
It proves him, in short, everything that I had been used to wish to believe him, and feared he was not.
It raises my spleen more than anything, to have the pretence of being asked, of being given a choice, and at the same time addressed in such a way as to oblige one to do the very thing, whatever it be! If I had not luckily thought of standing up with you I could not have got out of it.
It rather took my breath away, amidst all the strange things I had seen; but I held my tongue and let Dick speak.
It re-established peace and kindness.
It really seemed as if he had known our Tiny Tim, and felt with us.
It require some practice to be able to say exactly what is likely to take place after a change in the barometer.
It required a longer time, however, than Mrs. Norris was inclined to allow, to reconcile Fanny to the novelty of Mansfield Park, and the separation from everybody she had been used to.
It requires a delicacy of feeling which they have not.
It requires a gentlewoman - a Julia Bertram.
It requires great powers, great nicety, to give her playfulness and simplicity without extravagance.
It seemed as if their editors had ransacked their drawers for articles which would have been in place forty years before, under the technical name of educational articles.
It seemed as if this miserable drive would never be done, as if poor Dick would never be able to go away and be comfortably wretched by himself; for all his desire was to escape from her presence and the reproach of her averted looks.
It seemed quite early in the morning, and I expected to have the hall to myself when I came into it out of the corridor wherein was my sleeping chamber; but I met Annie at once, who let fall her broom and gave me a kiss, quite meaningless I fear, except as betokening friendship, though she reddened as she did it, not from shyness, but from friendly pleasure, and then stood and picked up her broom again, and went on with her sweeping, nodding to me as if to bid me stand out of the way and look on; which, to say the truth, I thought amusing enough, as there were five other girls helping her, and their graceful figures engaged in the leisurely work were worth going a long way to see, and their merry talk and laughing as they swept in quite a scientific manner was worth going a long way to hear.
It seemed to him as if his love had gone from him, indeed, yet gone but a little way; as if he needed but to find the right touch or intonation, and her heart would recognise him and be melted.
It seems also as if before the Trafalgar Square massacre they might as a whole have been depended upon to fire upon an unarmed crowd, though they were much honeycombed by Socialism.
It seems at first to add to the difficulty of understanding how the cell are made, that a multitude of bees all work together; one bee after workin a short time at one cell going to another, so that, as Huber has stated,  score of individuals work even at the commencement of the first cell.
It seems clea that organic beings must be exposed during several generations to ne conditions to cause any great amount of variation; and that, when th organisation has once begun to vary, it generally continues varying fo many generations.
It seems from what he says that it was a place for the 'aristocracy' (if you know what that word means; I have been told its meaning) to get rid of the company of their male children for a great part of the year.
It seems to be a rule, as remarked by Is.
It seems to join the billiard-room on purpose.
It seems to me as if it had waited for these happy days, and held in it the gathered crumbs of happiness of the confused and turbulent past.
It seems to me that we hav abundant evidence of great oscillations in the level of the land or sea but not of such vast changes in the position and extension of ou continents, as to have united them within the recent period to each othe and to the several intervening oceanic islands.
It seems very early, quoth I to myself, but I daresay I shall find someone at Biffin's to take me.
It seems, therefore, extremely probable that they will hav taken the places of, and thus exterminated, not only their parents (A) an (I), but likewise some of the original species which were most nearl related to their parents.
It sent a pang across his heart to think how this old gentleman would look upon him when they met; but he knew what path lay straight before him, and he took it.
It serves as a weather guide for immediate use, rather than for future investigation.
It should als be constantly borne in mind that any linking variety between two forms which might be found, would be ranked, unless the whole chain could b perfectly restored, as a new and distinct species; for it is not pretende that we have any sure criterion by which species and varieties can b discriminated.
It should also be borne in mind, that the law may be true, bu yet, owing to the geological record not extending far enough back in time may remain for a long period, or for ever, incapable of demonstration.
It should also be especially kept in mind, that long-continue domestication tends to eliminate sterility, and is therefore little likel to induce this same quality.
It should be a nearly amidships, and exposed as little to sudden changes of temperature, gusts of wind, or injuries, as possible.
It should be borne in mind that the offspring of such crosses woul certainly gain in vigour; so that even an occasional cross would produc more effect than might have been anticipated.
It should be observed that in the above illustration, I speak of th slimmest individual wolves, and not of any single strongly marked variatio having been preserved.
It should be observed that scarcely any mean of transport would carry seeds for very great distances; for seeds do no retain their vitality when exposed for a great length of time to the actio of sea water; nor could they be long carried in the crops or intestines o birds.
It should be observed that the process of imitation probably neve commenced between forms widely dissimilar in colour.
It should be remembered that the state of the air foretells, rather than shows present weather (an invaluable fact too often overlooked) that the longer the time between the signs and the change foretold by them, the longer such altered weather will last; and, on the contrary the less the time between a warning and a change, the shorter will be the continuance of such foretold weather.
It should be understood that the rule by no means applies to an part, however unusually developed, unless it be unusually developed in on species or in a few species in comparison with the same part in man closely allied species.
It should not be forgotten, that at the present day, with perfect specimen for examination, two forms can seldom be connected by intermediat varieties, and thus proved to be the same species, until many specimens ar collected from many places; and with fossil species this can rarely b done.
It should not, however, be overlooked that certain rather strongly marke variations, which no one would rank as mere individual differences frequently recur owing to a similar organisation being similarly acted on - of which fact numerous instances could be given with our domesti productions.
It should, however, b borne in mind that, owing to few animals breeding freely under confinement few experiments have been fairly tried:  for instance, the canary-bird ha been crossed with nine distinct species of finches, but, as not one o these breeds freely in confinement, we have no right to expect that th first crosses between them and the canary, or that their hybrids, should b perfectly fertile.
It shrunk, collapsed, and dwindled down into a bedpost.
It silenced her.
It sometimes happens that the larger or th smaller sized workers are the most numerous; or that both large and smal are numerous, while those of an intermediate size are scanty in numbers.
It sought to free itself, but he was strong in his entreaty, and detained it.
It stands in one of the lowest spots of the park; in that respect, unfavourable for improvement.
It stands lower, about a tenth of an inch for each hundred feet of height directly upwards, or vertically, above the sea; where its average height, in England, is 29.94 inches (at 32 deg.).
It suffices that the bees should be enabled t stand at their proper relative distances from each other and from the wall of the last completed cells, and then, by striking imaginary spheres, the can build up a wall intermediate between two adjoining spheres; but, as fa as I have seen, they never gnaw away and finish off the angles of a cel till a large part both of that cell and of the adjoining cells has bee built.
It swung so softly in the outset that it scarcely made a sound; but soon it rang out loudly, and so did every bell in the house.
It takes me quite unawares.
It then became a country of huge and foul workshops and fouler gambling-dens, surrounded by an ill-kept, poverty-stricken farm, pillaged by the masters of the workshops.
It thrilled him with a vague uncertain horror, to know that behind the dusky shroud, there were ghostly eyes intently fixed upon him, while he, though he stretched his own to the utmost, could see nothing but a spectral hand and one great heap of black.
It took him some time to recollect his thoughts.
It varies in different climates according to the range.
It was Fanny's first ball, though without the preparation or splendour of many a young lady's first ball, being the thought only of the afternoon, built on the late acquisition of a violin player in the servants' hall, and the possibility of raising five couple with the help of Mrs. Grant and a new intimate friend of Mr. Bertram's just arrived on a visit.
It was William whom she talked of most, and wanted most to see.
It was a beautiful evening, mild and still, and the drive was as pleasant as the serenity of Nature could make it; but when Mrs. Norris ceased speaking, it was altogether a silent drive to those within.
It was a beautiful night of early winter, the air just sharp enough to be refreshing after the hot room and the stinking railway carriage.
It was a beautiful sight.
It was a busy morning with him.
It was a connexion exactly of the right sort -  in the same county, and the same interest - and his most hearty concurrence was conveyed as soon as possible.
It was a correspondence which Fanny found quite as unpleasant as she had feared.
It was a current jest of the time that the wares were made to sell and not to use; a jest which you, as coming from another planet, may understand, but which our folk could not.
It was a fine arrangement for Henry Crawford, who was close to Fanny, and with his hands full of business, having two persons' cards to manage as well as his own; for though it was impossible for Fanny not to feel herself mistress of the rules of the game in three minutes, he had yet to inspirit her play, sharpen her avarice, and harden her heart, which, especially in any competition with William, was a work of some difficulty; and as for Lady Bertram, he must continue in charge of all her fame and fortune through the whole evening; and if quick enough to keep her from looking at her cards when the deal began, must direct her in whatever was to be done with them to the end of it.
It was a foolish precipitation last Christmas, but the evil of a few days may be blotted out in part.
It was a gentleman's voice; it was a voice that Fanny was just turning pale about, when Mr. Crawford walked into the room.
It was a gloomy prospect, and all she could do was to throw a mist over it, and hope when the mist cleared away she should see something else.
It was a good spot for fault-finding.
It was a great surprise to Scrooge, while listening to the moaning of the wind, and thinking what a solemn thing it was to move on through the lonely darkness over an unknown abyss, whose depths were secrets as profound as Death: it was a great surprise to Scrooge, while thus engaged, to hear a hearty laugh.
It was a heavy, melancholy day.
It was a large house, but one of broken fortunes; for the spacious offices were little used, their walls were damp and mossy, their windows broken, and their gates decayed.
It was a letter, in short, which she would not but have had for the world, and which could never be valued enough.
It was a long night, if it were only a night; but Scrooge had his doubts of this, because the Christmas Holidays appeared to be condensed into the space of time they passed together.
It was a longish building with its gable ends turned away from the road, and long traceried windows coming rather low down set in the wall that faced us.
It was a man who looked old, but whom I knew from habit, now half forgotten, was really not much more than fifty.
It was a match which Sir Thomas's wishes had even forestalled.
It was a medicinal project upon his niece's understanding, which he must consider as at present diseased.
It was a picture which Henry Crawford had moral taste enough to value.
It was a pretty greeting, although somewhat mannered; and Dick felt himself among the gods.
It was a real indulgence to her to hear or to speak of Mansfield.
It was a sad, anxious day; and the morrow, though differing in the sort of evil, did by no means bring less.
It was a silver knife.
It was a sort of laugh, as she answered, 'A pretty good lecture, upon my word.
It was a sort of playing at being frightened.
It was a sound which did not make her cheerful; she wondered that Edmund should forget her, and felt a pang.
It was a stab, in spite of every long-standing expectation; and she was obliged to repeat again and again, that she was one of his two dearest, before the words gave her any sensation.
It was a strange figure - like a child: yet not so like a child as like an old man, viewed through some supernatural medium, which gave him the appearance of having receded from the view, and being diminished to a child's proportions.
It was a subject which she must learn to speak of, and the weakness that shrunk from it would soon be quite unpardonable.
It was a treat to hear Mr. Naseby defending the Church of England in a volley of oaths, or supporting ascetic morals with an enthusiasm not entirely innocent of port wine.
It was a valuable part of former times.
It was a very low fire indeed; nothing on such a bitter night.
It was a very proper wedding.
It was a worthy place.
It was all beyond belief! He was inexcusable, incomprehensible! But such were his habits that he could do nothing without a mixture of evil.
It was all good-humour and encouragement.
It was all known at the Parsonage, where he loved to talk over the future with both his sisters, and it would be rather gratifying to him to have enlightened witnesses of the progress of his success.
It was all the same to him.
It was an alliance which he could not have relinquished without pain; and thus he reasoned.
It was an injury and affront to Julia, who ought to have been Mr. Crawford's choice; and, independently of that, she disliked Fanny, because she had neglected her; and she would have grudged such an elevation to one whom she had been always trying to depress.
It was an office still, but not his.
It was as much as I could bear myself.
It was astonishing how few lies were necessary.
It was barbarous to be happy when Edmund was suffering.
It was because the editor was weak and poor and excused himself, that you repented your first determination.
It was beginning to look brighter, when Fanny, observing a harp in the room, asked some questions about it, which soon led to an acknowledgment of her wishing very much to hear it, and a confession, which could hardly be believed, of her having never yet heard it since its being in Mansfield.
It was but the day before that Crawford had made himself thoroughly master of the subject, or had in fact become at all aware of her having such a brother, or his being in such a ship, but the interest then excited had been very properly lively, determining him on his return to town to apply for information as to the probable period of the Antwerp's return from the Mediterranean, etc.; and the good luck which attended his early examination of ship news the next morning seemed the reward of his ingenuity in finding out such a method of pleasing her, as well as of his dutiful attention to the Admiral, in having for many years taken in the paper esteemed to have the earliest naval intelligence.
It was but three days; and being only a grandmother, and all happening two hundred miles off, I think there would have been no great harm, and it was suggested, I know; but Lord Ravenshaw, who I suppose is one of the most correct men in England, would not hear of it.
It was but to think of her conversation with Edmund, and what was the restlessness of Mrs. Norris? What were the yawns of Lady Bertram The gentlemen joined them; and soon after began the sweet expectation of a carriage, when a general spirit of ease and enjoyment seemed diffused, and they all stood about and talked and laughed, and every moment had its pleasure and its hope.
It was clear to all thinking people that the third day would bring on the crisis; for the present suspense and ill-concealed terror was unendurable.
It was clothed in one simple green robe, or mantle, bordered with white fur.
It was cold, bleak, biting weather: foggy withal; and he could hear the people in the court outside, go wheezing up and down, beating their hands upon their breasts, and stamping their feet upon the pavement stones to warm them.
It was curious, very curious, that we should have such a scene to play! If I had the power of recalling any one week of my existence, it should be that week - that acting week.
It was designed only to express his participation in all that interested her, and to tell her that he had been hearing what quickened every feeling of affection.
It was done in a minute.
It was done, and they were gone.
It was double-locked, as he had locked it with his own hands, and the bolts were undisturbed.
It was enough to give her general favour.
It was enough to set his heart in a glow, and to bring him home in the properest state for feeling the full value of the other joyful surprises at hand.
It was evident that she would rather remain where she was.
It was evident that they had been spending their time pleasantly, and were not aware of the length of their absence.
It was exactly so.
It was exceedingly pleasant in the dappled shadow, for the day was growing as hot as need be, and the coolness and shade soothed my excited mind into a condition of dreamy pleasure, so that I felt as if I should like to go on for ever through that balmy freshness.
It was formerly believe that the same fresh-water species never existed on two continents distan from each other.
It was gently, but it was calmly said, and Sir Thomas was easy on the score of the cousins.
It was hardly possible, indeed, that anything else should be talked of, for Mrs. Norris was in high spirits about it; and Mrs. Rushworth, a well-meaning, civil, prosing, pompous woman, who thought nothing of consequence, but as it related to her own and her son's concerns, had not yet given over pressing Lady Bertram to be of the party.
It was her intention, as she felt it to be her duty, to try to overcome all that was excessive, all that bordered on selfishness, in her affection for Edmund.
It was her manner, however, rather than any unfrequency of meeting.
It was her public place: there she met her acquaintance, heard a little news, talked over the badness of the Portsmouth servants, and wound up her spirits for the six days ensuing.
It was high time.
It was his own room.
It was ill-bred; it was wrong.
It was impossible for her to be insensible of Mr. Crawford's change of manners.
It was impossible for many of the others not to smile.
It was impossible to banish the letter from her thoughts, and she could not relieve herself by speaking of it to any human being.
It was imputed to very reasonable weariness, and she was thanked and pitied; but she deserved their pity more than she hoped they would ever surmise.
It was in parts erroneous.
It was inconclusive.
It was indeed Sir Thomas who opened the door and asked if she were there, and if he might come in.
It was just the plan to suit Fanny; and with a great deal of gratitude on her side for such ready and kind attention, they proceeded indoors, and upstairs, and were soon deep in the interesting subject.
It was larger and more beautiful, they thought, than all the others, and every night they watched for it, standing hand in hand at a window.
It was late before the Miss Bertrams and the two gentlemen came in, and their ramble did not appear to have been more than partially agreeable, or at all productive of anything useful with regard to the object of the day.
It was like treading old ground again.
It was long before Fanny could recover from the agitating happiness of such an hour as was formed by the last thirty minutes of expectation, and the first of fruition; it was some time even before her happiness could be said to make her happy, before the disappointment inseparable from the alteration of person had vanished, and she could see in him the same William as before, and talk to him, as her heart had been yearning to do through many a past year.
It was long before he could speak again.
It was long, and wound about him like a tail; and it was made (for Scrooge observed it closely) of cash-boxes, keys, padlocks, ledgers, deeds, and heavy purses wrought in steel.
It was long.
It was made plain enough, by the dressing of the shops, that here too it was Christmas time again; but it was evening, and the streets were lighted up.
It was made when we were both poor and content to be so, until, in good season, we could improve our worldly fortune by our patient industry.
It was made, however, at last: a silver knife was bought for Betsey, and accepted with great delight, its newness giving it every advantage over the other that could be desired; Susan was established in the full possession of her own, Betsey handsomely declaring that now she had got one so much prettier herself, she should never want that again; and no reproach seemed conveyed to the equally satisfied mother, which Fanny had almost feared to be impossible.
It was meant and done by Mrs. Grant, with perfect good-humour, on Mr. Rushworth's account, who was partly expected at the Park that day; but it was felt as a very grievous injury, and her good manners were severely taxed to conceal her vexation and anger till she reached home.
It was more pleasant than prudent.
It was most interesting to observe that, wherever several bees ha begun to excavate these basins near together, they had begun their work a such a distance from each other that by the time the basins had acquire the above stated width (i.e.
It was much pleasanter to think of Henry Crawford than of their father; and to think of their father in England again within a certain period, which these letters obliged them to do, was a most unwelcome exercise.
It was necessary for him to step forward, too, and assist the introduction, and with many awkward sensations he did his best.
It was no part of my education; and the only dose I ever had, being administered by not the first favourite in the world, has made me consider improvements in hand as the greatest of nuisances.
It was no time for farther assurances or entreaty, though to part with her at a moment when her modesty alone seemed, to his sanguine and preassured mind, to stand in the way of the happiness he sought, was a cruel necessity.
It was not Mr. and Mrs. Rushworth; it was Mrs. Rushworth and Mr. Crawford.
It was not an agreeable idea.
It was not angry or ferocious, but looked at Scrooge as Marley used to look: with ghostly spectacles turned up on its ghostly forehead.
It was not extensive.
It was not in Miss Crawford's power to talk Fanny into any real forgetfulness of what had passed.
It was not in impenetrable shadow as the other objects in the yard were, but had a dismal light about it, like a bad lobster in a dark cellar.
It was not long before a good understanding took place between this lady and herself.
It was not till the sixth long solar year, that an animalculae of unrivalled intellect arose, overthrew former science, and bequeathed a heritage of disputation.
It was not until 1828 that he publishe his conviction that the same forms have not been perpetuated since th origin of all things.
It was not until now, when the bright faces of his former self and Dick were turned from them, that he remembered the Ghost, and became conscious that it was looking full upon him, while the light upon its head burnt very clear.
It was now about the middle of the afternoon, warm rather than hot, and quite windless; the clouds high up and light, pearly white, and gleaming, softened the sun's burning, but did not hide the pale blue in most places, though they seemed to give it height and consistency; the sky, in short, looked really like a vault, as poets have sometimes called it, and not like mere limitless air, but a vault so vast and full of light that it did not in any way oppress the spirits.
It was now nearly half an hour past noon, the down train had just gone by, and there would be no more traffic at the junction until half-past three, when the local train comes in to meet the up express at a quarter before four.
It was of a much less poignant nature than what the others excited; but Sir Thomas was considering his happiness as very deeply involved in the offence of his sister and friend; cut off by it, as he must be, from the woman whom he had been pursuing with undoubted attachment and strong probability of success; and who, in everything but this despicable brother, would have been so eligible a connexion.
It was of gold, prettily worked; and though Fanny would have preferred a longer and a plainer chain as more adapted for her purpose, she hoped, in fixing on this, to be chusing what Miss Crawford least wished to keep.
It was of stone arches, splendidly solid, and as graceful as they were strong; high enough also to let ordinary river traffic through easily.
It was of the utmost consequence to her that Crawford should now lose no time in declaring himself, and she was disturbed that even a day should be gone by without seeming to advance that point.
It was of very brief duration.
It was old enough now, and dreary enough, for nobody lived in it but Scrooge, the other rooms being all let out as offices.
It was only a black dress that caught Dick Naseby's eye; but it took possession of his mind, and all other thoughts departed.
It was only better than Mrs. Norris's sharp answers would have been; but she being gone home with all the supernumerary jellies to nurse a sick maid, there was peace and good-humour in their little party, though it could not boast much beside.
It was only for the private use of the family.
It was over, and she had escaped without reproaches and without detection.
It was over, however, at last; and the evening set in with more composure to Fanny, and more cheerfulness of spirits than she could have hoped for after so stormy a morning; but she trusted, in the first place, that she had done right: that her judgment had not misled her.
It was parting with somebody of the nature of a friend; and though, in one light, glad to have him gone, it seemed as if she was now deserted by everybody; it was a sort of renewed separation from Mansfield; and she could not think of his returning to town, and being frequently with Mary and Edmund, without feelings so near akin to envy as made her hate herself for having them.
It was perhaps a week later, as old Mr. Naseby sat brooding in his study, that there was shown in upon him, on urgent business, a little hectic gentleman shabbily attired.
It was perhaps half-past three when Dick presented himself, rather scrupulously dressed, before the cottage door; he knocked, and a voice bade him enter.
It was perhaps rather a good than an evil thing that the necessity for restoring the wealth destroyed during the war forced them into working at first almost as hard as they had been used to before the Revolution.
It was plain that he could have no serious views, no true attachment, by fixing himself in a situation which he must know she would never stoop to.
It was plain that he kept in view the presence of his daughter, and chose subjects and a character of language that should not offend a lady.
It was pleasing to hear him speak so properly; here he had been acting as he ought to do.
It was probably on the stroke of ten, and Dick had been half asleep for some time against the bank, when Esther came up the road carrying a bundle.
It was rather honour than happiness to Fanny, for the first dance at least: her partner was in excellent spirits, and tried to impart them to her; but she was a great deal too much frightened to have any enjoyment till she could suppose herself no longer looked at.
It was really March; but it was April in its mild air, brisk soft wind, and bright sun, occasionally clouded for a minute; and everything looked so beautiful under the influence of such a sky, the effects of the shadows pursuing each other on the ships at Spithead and the island beyond, with the ever-varying hues of the sea, now at high water, dancing in its glee and dashing against the ramparts with so fine a sound, produced altogether such a combination of charms for Fanny, as made her gradually almost careless of the circumstances under which she felt them.
It was really curious to note in cases of difficulty, as when tw pieces of comb met at an angle, how often the bees would pull down an rebuild in different ways the same cell, sometimes recurring to a shap which they had at first rejected.
It was sad to Fanny to lose all the pleasures of spring.
It was said amongst them on all hands that it had been a great mistake of the various governments not to have resisted sooner; and the liberals and radicals (the name as perhaps you may know of the more democratically inclined part of the ruling classes) were much blamed for having led the world to this pass by their mis-timed pedantry and foolish sentimentality: and one Gladstone, or Gledstein (probably, judging by this name, of Scandinavian descent), a notable politician of the nineteenth century, was especially singled out for reprobation in this respect.
It was seen by some farmer, and he told the miller, and the miller told the butcher, and the butcher's son-in-law left word at the shop.
It was settled that he should order the carriage to the door in half an hour.
It was shady enough in the alcove, but I declare I quite dreaded the coming home again.
It was shrouded in a deep black garment, which concealed its head, its face, its form, and left nothing of it visible save one outstretched hand.
It was so agreeable to her to see him again, and hear him talk, to have her ear amused and her whole comprehension filled by his narratives, that she began particularly to feel how dreadfully she must have missed him, and how impossible it would have been for her to bear a lengthened absence.
It was so beautiful a day that he was loth to forecast evil, yet something must perforce have happened at the cottage, and that of a decisive nature; for here was Miss M'Glashan on her travels, with a small patrimony in brown paper parcels, and the old lady's bearing implied hot battle and unqualified defeat.
It was so; he had said it.
It was some months before Sir Thomas's consent could be received; but, in the meanwhile, as no one felt a doubt of his most cordial pleasure in the connexion, the intercourse of the two families was carried on without restraint, and no other attempt made at secrecy than Mrs. Norris's talking of it everywhere as a matter not to be talked of at present.
It was some time before she could get his attention to her plan, or any answer to her demand of his opinion: he was in a reverie of fond reflection, uttering only now and then a few half-sentences of praise; but when he did awake and understand, he was very decided in opposing what she wished.
It was soon pain upon pain, confusion upon confusion; for they were hardly in the High Street before they met her father, whose appearance was not the better from its being Saturday.
It was strange, too, that while Scrooge remained unaltered in his outward form, the Ghost grew older, clearly older.
It was strange, was it not, that they should thus ignore that aspiration after complete equality which we now recognise as the bond of all happy human society? I did not answer, but thought the more.
It was succeeded by a breathless pause, as Mrs. Cratchit, looking slowly all along the carving-knife, prepared to plunge it in the breast; but when she did, and when the long expected gush of stuffing issued forth, one murmur of delight arose all round the board, and even Tiny Tim, excited by the two young Cratchits, beat on the table with the handle of his knife, and feebly cried Hurrah There never was such a goose.
It was the Parrot, you know.
It was the abode of noise, disorder, and impropriety.
It was the first day for many, many weeks, in which the families had been wholly divided.
It was the first of their proceedings which had no heartiness.
It was the first time of his seeing them together since the beginning of that better acquaintance which he had been hearing of with great satisfaction.
It was the gift of her good godmother, old Mrs. Admiral Maxwell, only six weeks before she was taken for death.
It was the greatest misery of all.
It was the imprudence which had brought things to extremity, and obliged her brother to give up every dearer plan in order to fly with her.
It was the natural result of the conduct of each party, and such as a very imprudent marriage almost always produces.
It was the only point of resemblance.
It was the only thing approaching to a letter which she had ever received from him; she might never receive another; it was impossible that she ever should receive another so perfectly gratifying in the occasion and the style.
It was the outcome, as it was the sole relief, of the unhappiness of the period which made life so bitter even to the rich, and which, as you may see with your bodily eyes, the great change has swept away.
It was the sort of afternoon that Tennyson must have been thinking about, when he said of the Lotos-Eaters' land that it was a land where it was always afternoon.
It was the very thing of all others to be wished, it was the best, it was the only way of proceeding with any advantage, in Henry Crawford's opinion; and he directly saw a knoll not half a mile off, which would give them exactly the requisite command of the house.
It was the voice of Scrooge's nephew, who came upon him so quickly that this was the first intimation he had of his approach.
It was their turn to laugh now at the notion of his shaking Scrooge.
It was then that Dick entered.
It was thought advisable to substitute a few words on the scales of these instruments in place of those usually engraved (which are not the most suitable), and to compile brief and plain information respecting the use of weather-glasses.
It was three months, full three months, since her quitting it, and the change was from winter to summer.
It was time to have done with cards, if sermons prevailed; and she was glad to find it necessary to come to a conclusion, and be able to refresh her spirits by a change of place and neighbour.
It was treating her like her cousins! And her thoughts flew to those absent cousins with most unfeigned and truly tender regret, that they were not at home to take their own place in the room, and have their share of a pleasure which would have been so very delightful to them.
It was truly dramatic.
It was very handsomely built of red brick with a lead roof; and high up above the windows there ran a frieze of figure subjects in baked clay, very well executed, and designed with a force and directness which I had never noticed in modern work before.
It was very kind of you.
It was very strange! She had begun to think he really loved her, and to fancy his affection for her something more than common; and his sister still said that he cared for nobody else.
It was very vexatious, and she was heartily sorry for it; but so it was; and so far from now meaning to marry the elder, she did not even want to attract him beyond what the simplest claims of conscious beauty required: his lengthened absence from Mansfield, without anything but pleasure in view, and his own will to consult, made it perfectly clear that he did not care about her; and his indifference was so much more than equalled by her own, that were he now to step forth the owner of Mansfield Park, the Sir Thomas complete, which he was to be in time, she did not believe she could accept him.
It was very wrong; very indecorous.
It was well at that moment that Tom had to speak, and not his sister.
It was with great astonishment, and with a strange, inexplicable dread, that as he looked, he saw this bell begin to swing.
It was with reluctance that he suffered her to go; but there was no look of despair in parting to belie his words, or give her hopes of his being less unreasonable than he professed himself.
It was, however, gaily dressed up for this latter-day festival, with festoons of flowers from arch to arch, and great pitchers of flowers standing about on the floor; while under the west window hung two cross scythes, their blades polished white, and gleaming from out of the flowers that wreathed them.
It was, in short, as pretty and gay a toy as I had ever seen; something like the best kind of Japanese work, but better.
It was, indeed, a triumphant day to Mr. Bertram and Maria.
It will all end right.
It will also b admitted that species of the same group differ from each other more widel in their secondary sexual characters, than in other parts of thei organisation; compare, for instance, the amount of difference between th males of gallinaceous birds, in which secondary sexual characters ar strongly displayed, with the amount of difference between the females.
It will b admitted that the production of races so different as short-horn an Hereford cattle, race and cart horses, the several breeds of pigeons, etc.
It will be a bitter pill to her; that is, like other bitter pills, it will have two moments' ill flavour, and then be swallowed and forgotten; for I am not such a coxcomb as to suppose her feelings more lasting than other women's, though I was the object of them.
It will be a comfort to me to tell you how things now are, and what are my present plans, if plans I can be said to have.
It will be advisable to explain a littl more fully, by an example, what I mean by sterility being incidental o other differences, and not a specially endowed quality.
It will be an education for the child, said I, only being with her cousins; if Miss Lee taught her nothing, she would learn to be good and clever from them.
It will be but the loss of the Esquire after his name.
It will be more discreet for you to stay away to-night.
It will be much the best place for her, so near Miss Lee, and not far from the girls, and close by the housemaids, who could either of them help to dress her, you know, and take care of her clothes, for I suppose you would not think it fair to expect Ellis to wait on her as well as the others.
It will be readily believed that Mrs. Norris did not write to her sister in vain.
It will be the last time, you know; the last morning.
It will be universally admitted that instincts are as important a corporeal structures for the welfare of each species, under its presen conditions of life.
It will be very disagreeable, and by no means what I expected.
It will do just as well.
It will do us all good.
It will exactly suit my cross.
It will indeed be thought that I have an overweening confidence in th principle of natural selection, when I do not admit that such wonderful an well-established facts at once annihilate the theory.
It will not be necessary to send you to your father's judgment, I am convinced.
It will obviously thus act far more efficiently with thos animals which unite for each birth; but, as already stated, we have reaso to believe that occasional intercrosses take place with all animals an plants.
It won't hurt them; they will find it quite amusing enough to sit side by side, conscious of their proximity to each other.
It wore a tunic of the purest white, and round its waist was bound a lustrous belt, the sheen of which was beautiful.
It woul be somewhat rash to assert that the limit has been attained in any on case; for almost all our animals and plants have been greatly improved i many ways within a recent period; and this implies variation.
It woul take up too much space to show the various steps, through dimorphism an other means, by which the separation of the sexes in plants of variou kinds is apparently now in progress; but I may add that some of the specie of holly in North America are, according to Asa Gray, in an exactl intermediate condition, or, as he expresses it, are more or les dioeciously polygamous.
It would at first lead by slow steps to the more and mor complete reduction of a part, until at last it became rudimentary - as i the case of the eyes of animals inhabiting dark caverns, and of the wing of birds inhabiting oceanic islands, which have seldom been forced b beasts of prey to take flight, and have ultimately lost the power o flying.
It would b equally rash to assert that characters now increased to their utmost limit could not, after remaining fixed for many centuries, again vary under ne conditions of life.
It would be a very flat business, she was sure.
It would be absolutely impossible for me.
It would be difficult indeed to tell you the whole story, perhaps impossible: knowledge, discontent, treachery, disappointment, ruin, misery, despair - those who worked for the change because they could see further than other people went through all these phases of suffering; and doubtless all the time the most of men looked on, not knowing what was doing, thinking it all a matter of course, like the rising and setting of the sun - and indeed it was so.
It would be difficult to give any rational explanation of the affinities o the blind cave-animals to the other inhabitants of the two continents o the ordinary view of their independent creation.
It would be easy enough for us to say, we will only spend our labour on making our clothes comfortable: but we don't choose to stop there.
It would be easy for him to communicate with animalculae; it would have been easy for him, when he made the clock, to have placed upon the dial intelligible signs - the forty seventh proposition, for example - or even (had he cared) some metre of the flight of time; and instead, at distances grossly approximating to equality, there occur senseless marks, the result probably of ebullitism.
It would be easy to sho that several distinct mental actions are commonly embraced by this term but every one understands what is meant, when it is said that instinc impels the cuckoo to migrate and to lay her eggs in other birds' nests.
It would be hard to exaggerate the agony of Richard.
It would be hazardous to specify his exact industry.
It would be hopelessl tedious to discuss all the exceptional cases of the same species, no living at distant and separated points; nor do I for a moment pretend tha any explanation could be offered of many instances.
It would be impossible to fill it up.
It would be lucky for me if I had nothing but the executive part to do.
It would be mortifying her severely.
It would be necessary, in order t prevent the effects of intercrossing, that only a single variety should b turned loose in its new home.
It would be possible for us to contend with and rob each other, but it would be harder for us than refraining from strife and robbery.
It would be quite a burlesque.
It would be something to be loved by such a girl, to excite the first ardours of her young unsophisticated mind! She interested him more than he had foreseen.
It would be sunk into a badge of disgrace; for what can be more unbecoming, or more worthless, than the uniform of a lieutenant, who has been a lieutenant a year or two, and sees others made commanders before him? So reasoned Edmund, till his father made him the confidant of a scheme which placed Fanny's chance of seeing the second lieutenant of H.M.S. Thrush in all his glory in another light.
It would be taking liberties with my father's house in his absence which could not be justified.
It would be the greatest pleasure to him to have her there to the last moment before he sailed, and perhaps find her there still when he came in from his first cruise.
It would be the last -  in all probability - the last scene on that stage; but he was sure there could not be a finer.
It would be too ridiculous for me to attempt anything where I am now, with my little half acre.
It would be very wrong if she did.
It would give me pleasure to see you both dance.
It would hardly be early in November, there were generally delays, a bad passage or something; that favouring something which everybody who shuts their eyes while they look, or their understandings while they reason, feels the comfort of.
It would have all ended in a regular standing flirtation, in yearly meetings at Sotherton and Everingham.' Could you have believed it possible? But the charm is broken.
It would have been a vast deal pleasanter to have had her more disinterested in her attachment; but his vanity was not of a strength to fight long against reason.
It would have been an unspeakable indulgence.
It would have been flat heresy to do so.
It would have been the action of an ass; but it would have shown that I had the blood and the natural affections of a man.
It would have done you good to see how green a place it is.
It would have made no difference to you, I suppose, whether you had walked in the shrubbery or gone to my house.
It would have pleased your uncle to be inquired of farther.
It would never have bee expected that the branching of the main nerves close to the great centra ganglion of an insect would have been variable in the same species; i might have been thought that changes of this nature could have bee effected only by slow degrees; yet Sir J. Lubbock has shown a degree o variability in these main nerves in Coccus, which may almost be compared t the irregular branching of the stem of a tree.
It would not be fair to inquire into a young lady's exact estimate of her own perfections.
It would not signify, for instance, to  bird which obtained its food by having a much-curved beak whether or no while young it possessed a beak of this shape, as long as it was fed by it parents.
It would probably be the middle of November at least; the middle of November was three months off.
It would really be gratifying to see them all again, and a little addition of society might be of infinite use to them; and as to yourself, you must feel yourself to be so wanted there, that you cannot in conscience - conscientious as you are -  keep away, when you have the means of returning.
It would save me many a heartache.
It would seem that each separate formation, like the whole pile o formations in any country, has generally been intermittent in it accumulation.
It would shew great want of feeling on my father's account, absent as he is, and in some degree of constant danger; and it would be imprudent, I think, with regard to Maria, whose situation is a very delicate one, considering everything, extremely delicate.
It would suffice to keep up the full numbe of a tree, which lived on an average for a thousand years, if a single see were produced once in a thousand years, supposing that this seed were neve destroyed and could be ensured to germinate in a fitting place; so that, i all cases, the average number of any animal or plant depends onl indirectly on the number of its eggs or seeds.
It would, indeed, have been a strange fact, had attentio not been paid to breeding, for the inheritance of good and bad qualities i so obvious.
It's no sin.
It's quite as becoming to the body.
It's the best berth at Spithead.
It's the best he had, and a fine one too.
It's twice the size of Tiny Tim.
Its bearing on natural selection  -  The term used in a wide sense  - Geometrical ratio of increase  -  Rapid increase of naturalised animals an plants  -  Nature of the checks to increase  -  Competition universal  - Effects of climate  -  Protection from the number of individuals  -  Comple relations of all animals and plants throughout nature  -  Struggle for lif most severe between individuals and varieties of the same species:  ofte severe between species of the same genus  -  The relation of organism t organism the most important of all relations.
Its being a gift of my brother's need not make the smallest difference in your accepting it, as I assure you it makes none in my willingness to part with it.
Its dark brown curls were long and free; free as its genial face, its sparkling eye, its open hand, its cheery voice, its unconstrained demeanour, and its joyful air.
Its feet, observable beneath the ample folds of the garment, were also bare; and on its head it wore no other covering than a holly wreath, set here and there with shining icicles.
Its finger pointed to two persons meeting.
Its gentle touch, though it had been light and instantaneous, appeared still present to the old man's sense of feeling.
Its hair, which hung about its neck and down its back, was white as if with age; and yet the face had not a wrinkle in it, and the tenderest bloom was on the skin.
Its legs and feet, most delicately formed, were, like those upper members, bare.
Its natural beauties, I am sure, are great.
Its object was unquestionable; and two moments were enough to start the probability of its being merely to give her notice that they should be in Portsmouth that very day, and to throw her into all the agitation of doubting what she ought to do in such a case.
Its old members had little administrative capacity, though with the exception of a few self-seekers and traitors, they were honest, courageous men, and many of them were endowed with considerable talent of other kinds.
Its rapid little pulse beat twelve: and stopped.
Its steady hand was pointed to the head.
Its tenderness and flavour, size and cheapness, were the themes of universal admiration.
Its vicinity to my own room - but in every respect, indeed, it took me by surprise, as I had not the smallest suspicion of your acting having assumed so serious a character.
Joe Miller never made such a joke as sending it to Bob's will be! The hand in which he wrote the address was not a steady one, but write it he did, somehow, and went downstairs to open the street door, ready for the coming of the poulterer's man.
Joe went down on his knees for the greater convenience of opening it, and having unfastened a great many knots, dragged out a large and heavy roll of some dark stuff.
John always brought home game birds, another hares or rabbits, and anothe hunted on marshy ground and almost nightly caught woodcocks or snipes.
John, bringing home winged game, another hares o rabbits, and another hunting on marshy ground and almost nightly catchin woodcocks or snipes.
Joining their horny hands over the rough table at which they sat, they wished each other Merry Christmas in their can of grog; and one of them: the elder, too, with his face all damaged and scarred with hard weather, as the figure-head of an old ship might be: struck up a sturdy song that was like a Gale in itself.
Judging from analogy, the tendency to distortion would no doubt b increased through the principle of inheritance.
Judging from the past, we may safely infe that not one living species will transmit its unaltered likeness to  distinct futurity.
Julia Bertram was only twelve, and Maria but a year older.
Julia could rejoice that he was gone.
Julia did seem inclined to admit that Maria's situation might require particular caution and delicacy - but that could not extend to her -  she was at liberty; and Maria evidently considered her engagement as only raising her so much more above restraint, and leaving her less occasion than Julia to consult either father or mother.
Julia did suffer, however, though Mrs. Grant discerned it not, and though it escaped the notice of many of her own family likewise.
Julia made no communication, and Fanny took no liberties.
Julia might be justified in so doing by the hints of Mrs. Grant, inclined to credit what she wished, and Maria by the hints of Mr. Crawford himself.
Julia seems to enjoy London exceedingly.
Julia was a sufferer too, though not quite so blamelessly.
Julia was the first to move and speak again.
Julia was to go with them to Brighton.
Julia wavered; but was he only trying to soothe and pacify her, and make her overlook the previous affront? She distrusted him.
Julia's elopement could affect her comparatively but little; she was amazed and shocked; but it could not occupy her, could not dwell on her mind.
Julia's match became a less desperate business than he had considered it at first.
Julia's, Tom's, Edmund's; there a yet longer pause.
Julia, joining them at the moment, carried on the joke.
Jump up, old fellow, and don't be disappointed; our guest will keep himself for you and your stories.
Just after this we came into a short street of houses: or rather, one long house on either side of the way, built of timber and plaster, and with a pretty arcade over the footway before it.
Keep up your spirits, guest! we are close to our journey's end for the night.
Kept back as she was by everybody else, his single support could not bring her forward; but his attentions were otherwise of the highest importance in assisting the improvement of her mind, and extending its pleasures.
Kirby has remarked (and I have observed the same fact) that the anterio tarsi, or feet, of many male dung-feeding beetles are often broken off; h examined seventeen specimens in his own collection, and not one had even  relic left.
Knocking down the fire-irons, tumbling over the chairs, bumping against the piano, smothering himself among the curtains, wherever she went, there went he! He always knew where the plump sister was.
Knowing as I do what your feelings as a sister are, I could hardly have borne that any one in the house should share with you in the first knowledge of the news I now bring.
Kolreuter makes th rule universal; but then he cuts the knot, for in ten cases in which h found two forms, considered by most authors as distinct species, quit fertile together, he unhesitatingly ranks them as varieties.
Kolreuter, whose accuracy has been confirmed by every subsequent observer has proved the remarkable fact that one particular variety of the commo tobacco was more fertile than the other varieties, when crossed with  widely distinct species.
Labour was scarce; but wages fell nevertheless.
Lady Bertram constantly declined it; but her placid manner of refusal made Mrs. Rushworth still think she wished to come, till Mrs. Norris's more numerous words and louder tone convinced her of the truth.
Lady Bertram could not give her much time, or many words, but she felt her, as Fanny's sister, to have a claim at Mansfield, and was ready to kiss and like her; and Susan was more than satisfied, for she came perfectly aware that nothing but ill-humour was to be expected from aunt Norris; and was so provided with happiness, so strong in that best of blessings, an escape from many certain evils, that she could have stood against a great deal more indifference than she met with from the others.
Lady Bertram could not possibly spare her.
Lady Bertram could think nothing less, and Fanny shared her aunt's security, till she received a few lines from Edmund, written purposely to give her a clearer idea of his brother's situation, and acquaint her with the apprehensions which he and his father had imbibed from the physician with respect to some strong hectic symptoms, which seemed to seize the frame on the departure of the fever.
Lady Bertram did not at all like to have her husband leave her; but she was not disturbed by any alarm for his safety, or solicitude for his comfort, being one of those persons who think nothing can be dangerous, or difficult, or fatiguing to anybody but themselves.
Lady Bertram did not go into public with her daughters.
Lady Bertram did not think deeply, but, guided by Sir Thomas, she thought justly on all important points; and she saw, therefore, in all its enormity, what had happened, and neither endeavoured herself, nor required Fanny to advise her, to think little of guilt and infamy.
Lady Bertram did: she entirely agreed with her son as to the necessity of it, and as to its being considered necessary by his father; she only pleaded against there being any hurry; she only wanted him to wait till Sir Thomas's return, and then Sir Thomas might settle it all himself.
Lady Bertram does not bid a dozen.
Lady Bertram listened without much interest to this sort of invective.
Lady Bertram made no objection; and every one concerned in the going was forward in expressing their ready concurrence, excepting Edmund, who heard it all and said nothing.
Lady Bertram made no opposition.
Lady Bertram repeated enough of this conversation to her husband to convince him how much he had mistaken his sister-in-law's views; and she was from that moment perfectly safe from all expectation, or the slightest allusion to it from him.
Lady Bertram seemed quite resigned to waiting.
Lady Bertram seems more of a cipher now than when he is at home; and nobody else can keep Mrs. Norris in order.
Lady Bertram took it differently.
Lady Bertram was not certain of anybody's dress or anybody's place at supper but her own.
Lady Bertram was perfectly quiescent and contented, and had no objections to make.
Lady Bertram was quite talkative.
Lady Bertram was very well pleased to have it so, and the young ladies were in spirits again.
Lady Bertram wrote her daily terrors to her niece, who might now be said to live upon letters, and pass all her time between suffering from that of to-day and looking forward to to-morrow's.
Lady Bertram's admiration was expressed, and strongly too.
Lady Bertram's being just on the other side of the table was a trifle, for she might always be considered as only half-awake, and Edmund's advertisements were still of the first utility.
Lady Bertram's hour of good luck came.
Lady Bertram, sunk back in one corner of the sofa, the picture of health, wealth, ease, and tranquillity, was just falling into a gentle doze, while Fanny was getting through the few difficulties of her work for her.
Lady Bertram, who was a woman of very tranquil feelings, and a temper remarkably easy and indolent, would have contented herself with merely giving up her sister, and thinking no more of the matter; but Mrs. Norris had a spirit of activity, which could not be satisfied till she had written a long and angry letter to Fanny, to point out the folly of her conduct, and threaten her with all its possible ill consequences.
Lamarc first called attention to this subject, and he has been ably followed b Macleay and others.
Lamarck seems to have been chiefly led t his conclusion on the gradual change of species, by the difficulty o distinguishing species and varieties, by the almost perfect gradation o forms in certain groups, and by the analogy of domestic productions.
Lamarck was the first man whose conclusions on the subject excited muc attention.
Lapse of time is only so fa important, and its importance in this respect is great, that it gives  better chance of beneficial variations arising and of their being selected accumulated, and fixed.
Larvae are active embryos, whic have become specially modified in a greater or less degree in relation t their habits of life, with their modifications inherited at a correspondin early age.
Last night it had been hope and smiles, bustle and motion, noise and brilliancy, in the drawing-room, and out of the drawing-room, and everywhere.
Lastly and this I am inclined to think is the most important element, a dominan species, which has already beaten many competitors in its own home, wil tend to spread and supplant many others.
Lastly, St.
Lastly, an embryo may be developed, and the perish at an early period.
Lastly, and this is another most remarkable case,  hybrid has been figured by Dr. Gray (and he informs me that he knows of  second case) from the ass and the hemionus; and this hybrid, though the as only occasionally has stripes on his legs and the hemionus has none and ha not even a shoulder-stripe, nevertheless had all four legs barred, and ha three short shoulder-stripes, like those on the dun Devonshire and Wels ponies, and even had some zebra-like stripes on the sides of its face.
Lastly, in certain breeds, the males an females have come to differ in a slight degree from each other.
Lastly, isolation will give time for a new variety to be improved at a slo rate; and this may sometimes be of much importance.
Lastly, looking not to any one time, but at all time, if my theory be true numberless intermediate varieties, linking closely together all the specie of the same group, must assuredly have existed; but the very process o natural selection constantly tends, as has been so often remarked, t exterminate the parent forms and the intermediate links.
Lastly, many grea deposits, requiring a vast length of time for their accumulation, ar entirely destitute of organic remains, without our being able to assign an reason:  one of the most striking instances is that of the Flysc formation, which consists of shale and sandstone, several thousand occasionally even six thousand feet in thickness, and extending for a least 300 miles from Vienna to Switzerland; and although this great mas has been most carefully searched, no fossils, except a few vegetabl remains, have been found.
Lastly, many hybrids are profuse an persistent flowerers, while other and more sterile hybrids produce fe flowers, and are weak, miserable dwarfs; exactly similar cases occur wit the illegitimate offspring of various dimorphic and trimorphic plants.
Lastly, many thousands gave way and submitted to 'the rebels'; and as the numbers of these latter increased, it at last became clear to all men that the cause which was once hopeless, was now triumphant, and that the hopeless cause was that of slavery and privilege.
Lastly, more than one writer has asked why have some animals had thei mental powers more highly developed than others, as such development woul be advantageous to all?  Why have not apes acquired the intellectual power of man?  Various causes could be assigned; but as they are conjectural, an their relative probability cannot be weighed, it would be useless to giv them.
Lastly, natural selection is a slow process, and the same favourabl conditions must long endure in order that any marked effect should thus b produced.
Lastly, the hybrids or mongrels from between all the breeds of the pigeo are perfectly fertile, as I can state from my own observations, purposel made, on the most distinct breeds.
Lastly, the wonderful law of the long endurance of allied form on the same continent - of marsupials in Australia, of edentata in America and other such cases - is intelligible, for within the same country th existing and the extinct will be closely allied by descent.
Lastly, when organic beings are placed during several generation under conditions not natural to them, they are extremely liable to vary which seems to be partly due to their reproductive systems having bee specially affected, though in a lesser degree than when sterility ensues.
Le (A) be a common, widely-diffused, and varying species, belonging to a genu large in its own country.
Lead on, Spirit! The Phantom moved away as it had come towards him.
Learn your part, and we will teach you all the rest.
Leave him to settle that.
Les EXPERIENCES sur les animaux sauvage devenus domestiques, et sur les animaux domestiques redevenus sauvages, l demontrent plus clairment encore.
Let A to L represent the species of a genus large i its own country; these species are supposed to resemble each other i unequal degrees, as is so generally the case in nature, and as i represented in the diagram by the letters standing at unequal distances.
Let Sir Thomas trust to his honour and compassion, and it may all end well; but if he get his daughter away, it will be destroying the chief hold.' After repeating this, Edmund was so much affected that Fanny, watching him with silent, but most tender concern, was almost sorry that the subject had been entered on at all.
Let her chuse for herself, as well as the rest of us.
Let him be applied to, if you please, for it will be less unpleasant to me than to have a perfect stranger.
Let him find out for himself: he will not have long to wait.
Let him have all the perfections in the world, I think it ought not to be set down as certain that a man must be acceptable to every woman he may happen to like himself.
Let it also be borne in min how infinitely complex and close-fitting are the mutual relations of al organic beings to each other and to their physical conditions of life; an consequently what infinitely varied diversities of structure might be o use to each being under changing conditions of life.
Let it also be borne in mind that Scrooge had not bestowed one thought on Marley, since his last mention of his seven years' dead partner that afternoon.
Let it be observed what  contrast the instinctive habits of F. sanguinea present with those of th continental F. rufescens.
Let it be remembered how powerful the influenc of a single introduced tree or mammal has been shown to be.
Let it be remembered that the form of life, at least those inhabiting the sea, have changed almos simultaneously throughout the world, and therefore under the most differen climates and conditions.
Let it but be comic, I condition for nothing more.
Let me behold what I shall be, in days to come! The Spirit stopped; the hand was pointed elsewhere.
Let me make you my compliments, Mr. Naseby.
Let me show you where to dine.
Let me talk to you a little.
Let no one presume to give the feelings of a young woman on receiving the assurance of that affection of which she has scarcely allowed herself to entertain a hope.
Let other pens dwell on guilt and misery.
Let the climate an vegetation change, let other competing rodents or new beasts of pre immigrate, or old ones become modified, and all analogy would lead us t believe that some, at least, of the squirrels would decrease in numbers o become exterminated, unless they also become modified and improved i structure in a corresponding manner.
Let the endless number o slight variations and individual differences occurring in our domesti productions, and, in a lesser degree, in those under nature, be borne i mind; as well as the strength of the hereditary tendency.
Let there be an end of this suspense.
Let this process go on for millions of years; and during eac year on millions of individuals of many kinds; and may we not believe tha a living optical instrument might thus be formed as superior to one o glass, as the works of the Creator are to those of man If it could be demonstrated that any complex organ existed, which could no possibly have been formed by numerous, successive, slight modifications, m theory would absolutely break down.
Let two forms have not a singl character in common, yet, if these extreme forms are connected together b a chain of intermediate groups, we may at once infer their community o descent, and we put them all into the same class.
Let us be doing something.
Let us dine.
Let us go! Still the Ghost pointed with an unmoved finger to the head.
Let us look at the matter closer, and see whence crimes of violence spring.
Let us look to the great principle o gradation, and see whether Nature does not reveal to us her method of work.
Let us now consider the rules followed in classification, and th difficulties which are encountered on the view that classification eithe gives some unknown plan of creation, or is simply a scheme for enunciatin general propositions and of placing together the forms most like eac other.
Let us now look to the mutual affinities of extinct and living species.
Let us now see whether the several facts and laws relating to th geological succession of organic beings accord best with the common view o the immutability of species, or with that of their slow and gradua modification, through variation and natural selection.
Let us now turn to the nectar-feeding insects; we may suppose the plant o which we have been slowly increasing the nectar by continued selection, t be a common plant; and that certain insects depended in main part on it nectar for food.
Let us see how far these several facts and inferences accord with th theory of descent with modification.
Let us take a group of birds, descended from some ancient form and modifie through natural selection for different habits.
Let us take a simple case:  in travelling from nort to south over a continent, we generally meet at successive intervals wit closely allied or representative species, evidently filling nearly the sam place in the natural economy of the land.
Let us take th case of a wolf, which preys on various animals, securing some by craft some by strength, and some by fleetness; and let us suppose that th fleetest prey, a deer for instance, had from any change in the countr increased in numbers, or that other prey had decreased in numbers, durin that season of the year when the wolf was hardest pressed for food.
Let us talk over this sad business.
Let us walk out in the park, and you shall tell me all about your brothers and sisters.
Let's get on.
Life is my business - life - this great city, Paris - Paris after dark - its lights, its gardens, its odd corners.
Light flashed up in the room upon the instant, and the curtains of his bed were drawn.
Light should have access to the back of the tube, to admit of setting the index so as to have its lower edge a tangent to the surface of the mercury - the eye being on the same level, which is known by the back and front edges of the index being in one line with the mercury surface.
Light, or something white, at the back of the tube, assists in accurately setting the vernier, and may be shifted about to aid in reading off.
Lighten any check, mitigate the destruction ever s little, and the number of the species will almost instantaneously increas to any amount.
Like the mediaevals, we like everything trim and clean, and orderly and bright; as people always do when they have any sense of architectural power; because then they know that they can have what they want, and they won't stand any nonsense from Nature in their dealings with her.
Like the sun's edge or limb, touching the sea horizon, as see inverted when using a sextant.
Linnaeus has calculated that if an annual plant produced only tw seeds - and there is no plant so unproductive as this - and their seedling next year produced two, and so on, then in twenty years there would be  million plants.
Listening and wondering were all suspended for a time, for Mr. Bertram was in the room again; and though feeling it would be a great honour to be asked by him, she thought it must happen.
Little observation there was necessary to tell him that indifference was the most favourable state they could be in.
Living birds can hardly fail to be highly effective agents in th transportation of seeds.
Livingstone states that good domestic breeds ar highly valued by the negroes in the interior of Africa who have no associated with Europeans.
Local varieties will not spread into other an distant regions until they are considerably modified and improved; and whe they have spread, and are discovered in a geological formation, they appea as if suddenly created there, and will be simply classed as new species.
Locusts are sometimes blown to great distances from the land.
London would soon bring its cure.
Long before the reader has arrived at this part of my work, a crowd o difficulties will have occurred to him.
Long, long would it be ere Miss Crawford's name passed his lips again, or she could hope for a renewal of such confidential intercourse as had been.
Longevity  -  Modifications not necessarily simultaneous  -  Modification apparently of no direct service  -  Progressive development  -  Characters o small functional importance, the most constant  -  Supposed incompetence o natural selection to account for the incipient stages of useful structure  -  Causes which interfere with the acquisition through natural selection o useful structures  -  Gradations of structure with changed functions  - Widely different organs in members of the same class, developed from on and the same source  -  Reasons for disbelieving in great and abrup modifications.
Loo at the race and dray-horse, or at the greyhound and mastiff.
Look again at the later tertiary deposits, which includ many shells believed by the majority of naturalists to be identical wit existing species; but some excellent naturalists, as Agassiz and Pictet maintain that all these tertiary species are specifically distinct, thoug the distinction is admitted to be very slight; so that here, unless w believe that these eminent naturalists have been misled by thei imaginations, and that these late tertiary species really present n difference whatever from their living representatives, or unless we admit in opposition to the judgment of most naturalists, that these tertiar species are all truly distinct from the recent, we have evidence of th frequent occurrence of slight modifications of the kind required.
Look at a plant in the midst of its range!  Why does it not double o quadruple its numbers?  We know that it can perfectly well withstand  little more heat or cold, dampness or dryness, for elsewhere it ranges int slightly hotter or colder, damper or drier districts.
Look at the Mustel vison of North America, which has webbed feet, and which resembles an otte in its fur, short legs, and form of tail; during summer this animal dive for and preys on fish, but during the long winter it leaves the froze waters, and preys, like other polecats on mice and land animals.
Look at the common oak, how closely i has been studied; yet a German author makes more than a dozen species ou of forms, which are almost universally considered by other botanists to b varieties; and in this country the highest botanical authorities an practical men can be quoted to show that the sessile and pedunculated oak are either good and distinct species or mere varieties.
Look at the family of squirrels; here we have the finest gradation fro animals with their tails only slightly flattened, and from others, as Si J. Richardson has remarked, with the posterior part of their bodies rathe wide and with the skin on their flanks rather full, to the so-called flyin squirrels; and flying squirrels have their limbs and even the base of th tail united by a broad expanse of skin, which serves as a parachute an allows them to glide through the air to an astonishing distance from tre to tree.
Look at the individuals of the same breed of the pigeon; an see what a prodigious amount of difference there is in the beak o tumblers, in the beak and wattle of carriers, in the carriage and tail o fantails, etc., these being the points now mainly attended to by Englis fanciers.
Look at the many outlyin islands round a continent, and see how many of their inhabitants can b raised only to the rank of doubtful species.
Look at the most vigorous species; by as much as it swarm in numbers, by so much will it tend to increase still further.
Look if I don't need a little sun on my pasty white skin! And she stripped up the sleeve from her arm and laid it beside Ellen's who was now sitting next her.
Look to see me no more; and look that, for your own sake, you remember what has passed between us! When it had said these words, the spectre took its wrapper from the table, and bound it round its head, as before.
Look where I will, I see that it is so; and I feel that it must be so, when I consider that it is, of all transactions, the one in which people expect most from others, and are least honest themselves.
Look you, neighbour, they couldn't fail to know what a disgrace a prison is to the Commonwealth at the best, and that their prisons were a good step on towards being at the worst.
Look, yonder are the lights of Walter Allen's house! So we walked over the grass of the meadows under a flood of moonlight, and soon came to the house, which was low and built round a quadrangle big enough to get plenty of sunshine in it.
Lookin to the cases which I have collected of cross-bred animals closel resembling one parent, the resemblances seem chiefly confined to character almost monstrous in their nature, and which have suddenly appeared - such a albinism, melanism, deficiency of tail or horns, or additional fingers an toes; and do not relate to characters which have been slowly acquire through selection.
Looking back now, we can see that the great motive-power of the change was a longing for freedom and equality, akin if you please to the unreasonable passion of the lover; a sickness of heart that rejected with loathing the aimless solitary life of the well-to-do educated man of that time: phrases, my dear friend, which have lost their meaning to us of the present day; so far removed we are from the dreadful facts which they represent.
Looking still more remotely to the future, we may predic that, owing to the continued and steady increase of the larger groups,  multitude of smaller groups will become utterly extinct, and leave n modified descendants; and consequently that, of the species living at an one period, extremely few will transmit descendants to a remote futurity.
Looking to America:  in the northern half, ice-borne fragments of rock hav been observed on the eastern side of the continent, as far south a latitude 36 and 37 degrees, and on the shores of the Pacific, where th climate is now so different, as far south as latitude 46 degrees.
Looking to geographical distribution, if we admit that there has bee during the long course of ages much migration from one part of the world t another, owing to former climatical and geographical changes and to th many occasional and unknown means of dispersal, then we can understand, o the theory of descent with modification, most of the great leading facts i Distribution.
Looking to th future, we can predict that the groups of organic beings which are no large and triumphant, and which are least broken up, that is, which have a yet suffered least extinction, will, for a long period, continue t increase.
Looking to the existing oceans, which are thrice as extensive as the land we see them studded with many islands; but hardly one truly oceanic islan (with the exception of New Zealand, if this can be called a truly oceani island) is as yet known to afford even a remnant of any palaeozoic o secondary formation.
Lord Ravenshaw and the duke had appropriated the only two characters worth playing before I reached Ecclesford; and though Lord Ravenshaw offered to resign his to me, it was impossible to take it, you know.
Lord Ravenshaw, in Cornwall, which would of course have immortalised the whole party for at least a twelvemonth! and being so near, to lose it all, was an injury to be keenly felt, and Mr. Yates could talk of nothing else.
Lord Spencer and others have shown how th cattle of England have increased in weight and in early maturity, compare with the stock formerly kept in this country.
Lord bless you! how you did tremble when Sir Thomas first had you put on! In the drawing-room Miss Crawford was also celebrated.
Love such as his, in a man like himself, must with perseverance secure a return, and at no great distance; and he had so much delight in the idea of obliging her to love him in a very short time, that her not loving him now was scarcely regretted.
Luckily Sir Thomas was at hand.
Luckily the strength of the piece did not depend upon him.
Luckily the visit happened in the Christmas holidays, when she could directly look for comfort to her cousin Edmund; and he told her such charming things of what William was to do, and be hereafter, in consequence of his profession, as made her gradually admit that the separation might have some use.
Luckily there is no distinction of dress nowadays to tell tales, but - but -  but Yours affectionately.
Lumber-room as usual.
Luncheon would be on the table in little beyond an hour; and the squire, on sitting down, would hardly fail to ask for Master Richard.
Lyell has made simila observations on some of the later tertiary formations.
Lyell has shown that it is hardly possible to resis the evidence on this head in the case of the several tertiary stages; an every year tends to fill up the blanks between the stages, and to make th proportion between the lost and existing forms more gradual.
M. Is.
M. Quatrefages states that the hybrid from two moths (Bombyx cynthia and arrindia) were proved in Paris to b fertile inter se for eight generations.
Maddison is a clever fellow; I do not wish to displace him, provided he does not try to displace me; but it would be simple to be duped by a man who has no right of creditor to dupe me, and worse than simple to let him give me a hard-hearted, griping fellow for a tenant, instead of an honest man, to whom I have given half a promise already.
Madeira again is inhabited by a wonderful number of peculiar land-shells whereas not one species of sea-shell is peculiar to its shores:  now though we do not know how sea-shells are dispersed, yet we can see tha their eggs or larvae, perhaps attached to seaweed or floating timber, or t the feet of wading birds, might be transported across three or four hundre miles of open sea far more easily than land-shells.
Males and fertile females of th slave-species (F. fusca) are found only in their own proper communities and have never been observed in the nests of F. sanguinea.
Malm adds, i confirmation of the above view, that the adult Trachypterus arcticus, whic is not a member of the Pleuronectidae, rests on its left side at th bottom, and swims diagonally through the water; and in this fish, the tw sides of the head are said to be somewhat dissimilar.
Malm states tha the newly-hatched young of perches, salmon, and several other symmetrica fishes, have the habit of occasionally resting on one side at the bottom and he has observed that they often then strain their lower eyes so as t look upward; and their skulls are thus rendered rather crooked.
Mammals offer another and similar case.
Man can hardly select, or only with much difficulty, any deviation o structure excepting such as is externally visible; and indeed he rarel cares for what is internal.
Man cultivated plants display the utmost vigour, and yet rarely or never seed! In some few cases it has been discovered that a very trifling change, suc as a little more or less water at some particular period of growth, wil determine whether or not a plant will produce seeds.
Man flowers, on the other hand, have their organs of fructification closel enclosed, as in the great papilionaceous or pea-family; but these almos invariably present beautiful and curious adaptations in relation to th visits of insects.
Man has modified some o his animals, without necessarily having attended to special points o structure, by simply preserving and breeding from the fleetest individuals as with the race-horse and greyhound, or as with the game-cock, by breedin from the victorious birds.
Man keeps the natives of man climates in the same country.
Man selects only for his own good; Nature only for that of the being whic she tends.
Man though acting on external characters alone and often capriciously, ca produce within a short period a great result by adding up mere individua differences in his domestic productions; and every one admits that specie present individual differences.
Manage your own concerns, Edmund, and I'll take care of the rest of the family.
Manipulation in this cas could not have been injurious, as the plants have separated sexes.
Manners as well as appearance are, generally speaking, so totally different.
Mansfield shall cure you both, and without any taking in.
Many analogous facts could be given.
Many analogous facts could be given:  indeed it is an almost universal rul that the endemic productions of islands are related to those of the neares continent, or of the nearest large island.
Many analogous facts, all pointing in the same direction could be added.
Many bees are parasitic, and regularly lay their eggs in the nests of othe kinds of bees.
Many cases are on record showin that a race may be modified by occasional crosses if aided by the carefu selection of the individuals which present the desired character; but t obtain a race intermediate between two quite distinct races would be ver difficult.
Many cases are on record showing how complex and unexpected are the check and relations between organic beings, which have to struggle together i the same country.
Many cases could be given of th lower beds of a formation having been upraised, denuded, submerged, an then re-covered by the upper beds of the same formation - facts, showin what wide, yet easily overlooked, intervals have occurred in it accumulation.
Many curious instances could be given showing how quickly new breeds o cattle, sheep and other animals, and varieties of flowers, take the plac of older and inferior kinds.
Many exotic plants have polle utterly worthless, in the same condition as in the most sterile hybrids.
Many facts clearly show how eminently susceptibl the reproductive system is to very slight changes in the surroundin conditions.
Many facts could be given showing how generall soil is charged with seeds.
Many generations rose and perished in the night; the tradition of a sun grew faint, so that pessimists despaired of its return; and the moon, which was then at the full, deceived some of the wisest.
Many had been personally known to Scrooge in their lives.
Many insects, and especially certai crustaceans, show us what wonderful changes of structure can be effecte during development.
Many instance could be given of beds, only a few feet in thickness, representin formations which are elsewhere thousands of feet in thickness, and whic must have required an enormous period for their accumulation; yet no on ignorant of this fact would have even suspected the vast lapse of tim represented by the thinner formation.
Many instincts are so wonderful that their development will probably appea to the reader a difficulty sufficient to overthrow my whole theory.
Many large groups of facts are intelligible only on the principle tha species have been evolved by very small steps.
Many laws regulate variation, some few of which can be dimly seen, and wil hereafter be briefly discussed.
Many long talks had been fruitless in external action, though fruitful for the understanding of the pair; but at last, one showery Tuesday, the squire might have been observed upon his way to the cottage in the lane.
Many of the cases of strongly marked varieties or doubtful species wel deserve consideration; for several interesting lines of argument, fro geographical distribution, analogical variation, hybridism, etc., have bee brought to bear in the attempt to determine their rank; but space does no here permit me to discuss them.
Many of the rich fled into the country; the executive got together soldiery, but did not dare to use them; and the police could not be massed in any one place, because riots or threats of riots were everywhere.
Many of them are serious; but  think that in the discussion light has been thrown on several facts, whic on the belief of independent acts of creation are utterly obscure.
Many other facts are, as it seems to me, explicable on this theory.
Many parts of our best plays are independent of scenery.
Many persons have advocated placing barometers at exposed fishing villages.
Many plant are known which regularly produce at the same time differently constructe flowers; and if such plants were to produce one kind alone, a great chang would be effected with comparative suddenness in the character of th species.
Many remarkable little facts could be given with respect to the inhabitant of oceanic islands.
Many similar cases of analogous variation have been observed by Naudin i the great gourd family, and by various authors in our cereals.
Many similar instances could be given.
Many species mus have been prevented from increasing in numbers through destructiv agencies, which stood in no relation to certain structures, which w imagine would have been gained through natural selection from appearing t us advantageous to the species.
Many species when once formed never undergo any further change bu become extinct without leaving modified descendants; and the periods durin which species have undergone modification, though long as measured b years, have probably been short in comparison with the periods during whic they retained the same form.
Many surprises were awaiting him.
Many thousands are in want of common necessaries; hundreds of thousands are in want of common comforts, sir.
Many treatises i different languages have been published on pigeons, and some of them ar very important, as being of considerable antiquity.
Many uncomfortable, anxious, apprehensive feelings she certainly had; but with all these, and other claims on her time and attention, she was as far from finding herself without employment or utility amongst them, as without a companion in uneasiness; quite as far from having no demand on her leisure as on her compassion.
Many will exclaim that these several causes ar amply sufficient to neutralise the power of natural selection.
Many years ago, when comparing, and seeing others compare, the birds fro the closely neighbouring islands of the Galapagos Archipelago, one wit another, and with those from the American mainland, I was much struck ho entirely vague and arbitrary is the distinction between species an varieties.
Maria and Julia, and especially Maria, were so closely implicated in Mr. Crawford's misconduct, that she could not give his character, such as she believed it, without betraying them.
Maria felt her triumph, and pursued her purpose, careless of Julia; and Julia could never see Maria distinguished by Henry Crawford without trusting that it would create jealousy, and bring a public disturbance at last.
Maria had a moment's struggle as she listened, and only a moment's: when her father ceased, she was able to give her answer immediately, decidedly, and with no apparent agitation.
Maria had destroyed her own character, and he would not, by a vain attempt to restore what never could be restored, by affording his sanction to vice, or in seeking to lessen its disgrace, be anywise accessory to introducing such misery in another man's family as he had known himself.
Maria joined them with the same intent, just then the stoutest of the three; for the very circumstance which had driven Julia away was to her the sweetest support.
Maria was her first favourite, the dearest of all; the match had been her own contriving, as she had been wont with such pride of heart to feel and say, and this conclusion of it almost overpowered her.
Maria was in a good deal of agitation.
Maria was indeed the pride and delight of them all - perfectly faultless -  an angel; and, of course, so surrounded by admirers, must be difficult in her choice: but yet, as far as Mrs. Norris could allow herself to decide on so short an acquaintance, Mr. Rushworth appeared precisely the young man to deserve and attach her.
Maria was more to be pitied than Julia; for to her the father brought a husband, and the return of the friend most solicitous for her happiness would unite her to the lover, on whom she had chosen that happiness should depend.
Maria was wrong, Crawford was wrong, we were all wrong together; but none so wrong as myself.
Maria will be the best Agatha.
Maria's guilt had induced Julia's folly.
Maria's notions on the subject were more confused and indistinct.
Maria, Julia, Henry Crawford, and Mr. Yates were in the billiard-room.
Maria, she also thought, acted well, too well; and after the first rehearsal or two, Fanny began to be their only audience; and sometimes as prompter, sometimes as spectator, was often very useful.
Maria, wanting Henry Crawford's animating support, thought the subject better avoided.
Maria, with only Mr. Rushworth to attend to her, and doomed to the repeated details of his day's sport, good or bad, his boast of his dogs, his jealousy of his neighbours, his doubts of their qualifications, and his zeal after poachers, subjects which will not find their way to female feelings without some talent on one side or some attachment on the other, had missed Mr. Crawford grievously; and Julia, unengaged and unemployed, felt all the right of missing him much more.
Marley in his pigtail, usual waistcoat, tights and boots; the tassels on the latter bristling, like his pigtail, and his coat-skirts, and the hair upon his head.
Marley was dead: to begin with.
Marley's Ghos Marley's Ghos The same face: the very same.
Marley's Ghost bothered him exceedingly.
Marley's face.
Mary Crawford was remarkably pretty; Henry, though not handsome, had air and countenance; the manners of both were lively and pleasant, and Mrs. Grant immediately gave them credit for everything else.
Mary refrained from saying what she felt, that there could not be two persons in existence whose characters and manners were less accordant: time would discover it to him; but she could not help this reflection on the Admiral.
Mary was in a state of mind to rejoice in a connexion with the Bertram family, and to be not displeased with her brother's marrying a little beneath him.
Mary was satisfied with the Parsonage as a present home, and Henry equally ready to lengthen his visit.
Mary, she is not like her cousins; but I think I shall not ask in vain.
Master Richard himself, thought the groom, was not in his ordinary; for in truth, he carried the hand-bag like a talisman, and either stood listless, or set off suddenly walking in one direction after another with brisk, decisive footsteps.
Master Scrooge's trunk being by this time tied on to the top of the chaise, the children bade the schoolmaster good-bye right willingly; and getting into it, drove gaily down the garden-sweep: the quick wheels dashing the hoar-frost and snow from off the dark leaves of the evergreens like spray.
Matrimony was her object, provided she could marry well: and having seen Mr. Bertram in town, she knew that objection could no more be made to his person than to his situation in life.
May God help me to be good to you, Esther - may God help me! for I see that you will not.
May God support you under your share! We have been here two days, but there is nothing to be done.
May not those naturalist who, knowing far less of the laws of inheritance than does the breeder, an knowing no more than he does of the intermediate links in the long lines o descent, yet admit that many of our domestic races are descended from th same parents - may they not learn a lesson of caution, when they deride th idea of species in a state of nature being lineal descendants of othe species Let us now briefly consider the steps by which domestic races have bee produced, either from one or from several allied species.
May that be truly said of us, and all of us! And so, as Tiny Tim observed, God bless us, everyone About thirty years ago Miss Maria Ward, of Huntingdon, with only seven thousand pounds, had the good luck to captivate Sir Thomas Bertram, of Mansfield Park, in the county of Northampton, and to be thereby raised to the rank of a baronet's lady, with all the comforts and consequences of an handsome house and large income.
May you be happy in the life you have chosen! She left him, and they parted.
Meantime the prisoners, brought the second time before the magistrates under a strong escort of soldiers, were the second time remanded.
Meantime, Dick had been thinking deeply and bitterly.
Meantime, my friend, you must know that we are too happy, both individually and collectively, to trouble ourselves about what is to come hereafter.
Meanwhile the fog and darkness thickened so, that people ran about with flaring links, proffering their services to go before horses in carriages, and conduct them on their way.
Meanwhile, he saw enough of Fanny's embarrassment to make him scrupulously guard against exciting it a second time, by any word, or look, or movement.
Merciful Heaven, what is this! He recoiled in terror, for the scene had changed, and now he almost touched a bed: a bare, uncurtained bed: on which, beneath a ragged sheet, there lay a something covered up, which, though it was dumb, announced itself in awful language.
Mere chance, as we may call it, migh cause one variety to differ in some character from its parents, and th offspring of this variety again to differ from its parent in the very sam character and in a greater degree; but this alone would never account fo so habitual and large a degree of difference as that between the species o the same genus.
Mere size, on the contrary would in some cases determine, as has been remarked by Owen, quicke extermination, from the greater amount of requisite food.
Messrs.
Metallic barometers (in outer shape and size like aneroids) have not yet been tested adequately in very moist, hot, or cold air for a sufficient time.
Midnight followed, and then one of the morning; and still she had not stirred, nor had Richard Naseby dared to quit the window.
Mind! I don't mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is particularly dead about a door-nail.
Mine occupies me constantly.
Misinformed! Misinformed, sir? Have you no loyalty, no spring, no natural affections? Are you clockwork, hey? Away! This is no place for you.
Miss Anderson! I do not know who or what you mean.
Miss Augusta ought not to have been noticed for the next six months; and Miss Sneyd, I believe, has never forgiven me.
Miss Augusta should have been with her governess.
Miss Bertram approved the decision, for the less he had to learn the better; and though she could not sympathise in his wish that the Count and Agatha might be to act together, nor wait very patiently while he was slowly turning over the leaves with the hope of still discovering such a scene, she very kindly took his part in hand, and curtailed every speech that admitted being shortened; besides pointing out the necessity of his being very much dressed, and chusing his colours.
Miss Bertram began again.
Miss Bertram could now speak with decided information of what she had known nothing about when Mr. Rushworth had asked her opinion; and her spirits were in as happy a flutter as vanity and pride could furnish, when they drove up to the spacious stone steps before the principal entrance.
Miss Bertram had made up her mind to something different, and was a little disappointed; but her conviction of being really the one preferred comforted her under it, and enabled her to receive Mr. Rushworth's parting attentions as she ought.
Miss Bertram was the one.
Miss Bertram's attention and opinion was evidently his chief aim; and though her deportment showed rather conscious superiority than any solicitude to oblige him, the mention of Sotherton Court, and the ideas attached to it, gave her a feeling of complacency, which prevented her from being very ungracious.
Miss Bertram's engagement made him in equity the property of Julia, of which Julia was fully aware; and before he had been at Mansfield a week, she was quite ready to be fallen in love with.
Miss Bertram, displeased with her sister, led the way, and all seemed to feel that they had been there long enough.
Miss Bertram, feeling all the interest of an Agatha in the question, took on her to decide it, by observing to Mr. Yates that this was a point in which height and figure ought to be considered, and that his being the tallest, seemed to fit him peculiarly for the Baron.
Miss Crawford accepted the part very readily; and soon after Miss Bertram's return from the Parsonage, Mr. Rushworth arrived, and another character was consequently cast.
Miss Crawford appeared gratified by the application, and after a moment's thought, urged Fanny's returning with her in a much more cordial manner than before, and proposed their going up into her room, where they might have a comfortable coze, without disturbing Dr. and Mrs. Grant, who were together in the drawing-room.
Miss Crawford blundered most towards Fanny herself in her intentions to please.
Miss Crawford came with looks of gaiety which seemed an insult, with friendly expressions towards herself which she could hardly answer calmly.
Miss Crawford civilly wished him an early promotion.
Miss Crawford could have said that there would be a something to do and to suffer for it, which she could not think lightly of; but she checked herself and let it pass; and tried to look calm and unconcerned when the two gentlemen shortly afterwards joined them.
Miss Crawford found a sister without preciseness or rusticity, a sister's husband who looked the gentleman, and a house commodious and well fitted up; and Mrs. Grant received in those whom she hoped to love better than ever a young man and woman of very prepossessing appearance.
Miss Crawford had a claim; and when it was no longer to encroach on, to interfere with the stronger claims, the truer kindness of another, she could do her justice even with pleasure to herself.
Miss Crawford had anticipated her wants with a kindness which proved her a real friend.
Miss Crawford had been in gay spirits when they first danced together, but it was not her gaiety that could do him good: it rather sank than raised his comfort; and afterwards, for he found himself still impelled to seek her again, she had absolutely pained him by her manner of speaking of the profession to which he was now on the point of belonging.
Miss Crawford had protected her only for the time; and if she were applied to again among themselves with all the authoritative urgency that Tom and Maria were capable of, and Edmund perhaps away, what should she do? She fell asleep before she could answer the question, and found it quite as puzzling when she awoke the next morning.
Miss Crawford made her first essay with great credit to herself, and no inconvenience to Fanny.
Miss Crawford made us laugh by her plans of encouragement for her brother.
Miss Crawford may chuse her degree of wealth.
Miss Crawford need not be alarmed for her.
Miss Crawford need not have urged secrecy with so much warmth; she might have trusted to her sense of what was due to her cousin.
Miss Crawford saw much of Sir Thomas's thoughts as he stood, and having, in spite of all his wrongs towards her, a general prevailing desire of recommending herself to him, took an opportunity of stepping aside to say something agreeable of Fanny.
Miss Crawford smiled her perfect approbation; and hastened to complete the gift by putting the necklace round her, and making her see how well it looked.
Miss Crawford soon felt that he and his situation might do.
Miss Crawford talked of something else, and soon afterwards rejoined the party at the fire.
Miss Crawford thought she had never seen a prettier consciousness.
Miss Crawford was glad to find a family of such consequence so very near them, and not at all displeased either at her sister's early care, or the choice it had fallen on.
Miss Crawford was not entirely free from similar apprehensions, though they arose principally from doubts of her sister's style of living and tone of society; and it was not till after she had tried in vain to persuade her brother to settle with her at his own country house, that she could resolve to hazard herself among her other relations.
Miss Crawford was not slow to admire; she pretty well guessed Miss Bertram's feelings, and made it a point of honour to promote her enjoyment to the utmost.
Miss Crawford was silenced, and with some feelings of resentment and mortification, moved her chair considerably nearer the tea-table, and gave all her attention to Mrs. Norris, who was presiding there.
Miss Crawford was too much vexed by what had passed to be in a humour for anything but music.
Miss Crawford's attentions to you have been - not more than you were justly entitled to -  I am the last person to think that could be, but they have been invariable; and to be returning them with what must have something the air of ingratitude, though I know it could never have the meaning, is not in your nature, I am sure.
Miss Crawford's attractions did not lessen.
Miss Crawford's beauty did her no disservice with the Miss Bertrams.
Miss Crawford's countenance, as Julia spoke, might have amused a disinterested observer.
Miss Crawford's enjoyment of riding was such that she did not know how to leave off.
Miss Crawford's kind opinion of herself deserved at least a grateful forbearance, and she began to talk of something else.
Miss Crawford's letter, which she had read so often as to make every line her own, was in frightful conformity with it.
Miss Crawford's style of writing, lively and affectionate, was itself an evil, independent of what she was thus forced into reading from the brother's pen, for Edmund would never rest till she had read the chief of the letter to him; and then she had to listen to his admiration of her language, and the warmth of her attachments.
Miss Crawford's uneasiness was much lightened by this conversation, and she walked home again in spirits which might have defied almost another week of the same small party in the same bad weather, had they been put to the proof; but as that very evening brought her brother down from London again in quite, or more than quite, his usual cheerfulness, she had nothing farther to try her own.
Miss Crawford, on walking up with her brother to spend the evening at Mansfield Park, heard the good news; and though seeming to have no concern in the affair beyond politeness, and to have vented all her feelings in a quiet congratulation, heard it with an attention not so easily satisfied.
Miss Crawford, pleased with the appeal, gave her all her best judgment and taste, made everything easy by her suggestions, and tried to make everything agreeable by her encouragement.
Miss Crawford, untouched and inattentive, had nothing to say; and Fanny, perceiving it, brought back her own mind to what she thought must interest.
Miss Lee taught her French, and heard her read the daily portion of history; but he recommended the books which charmed her leisure hours, he encouraged her taste, and corrected her judgment: he made reading useful by talking to her of what she read, and heightened its attraction by judicious praise.
Miss M'Glashan drew along breath.
Miss M'Glashan was now seen in the rosy colours of regret; whoever succeeded her, Dick felt the change would be for the worse.
Miss M'Glashan, for that was the aunt's name, read a large bible in the kitchen with some of the joys of martyrdom.
Miss Price is not out.
Miss Price, I give way to you with a very bad grace; but I sincerely hope you will have a pleasant ride, and that I may have nothing but good to hear of this dear, delightful, beautiful animal.
Miss Price, known only by name to half the people invited, was now to make her first appearance, and must be regarded as the queen of the evening.
Miss Ward's match, indeed, when it came to the point, was not contemptible: Sir Thomas being happily able to give his friend an income in the living of Mansfield; and Mr. and Mrs. Norris began their career of conjugal felicity with very little less than a thousand a year.
Miss Ward, at the end of half a dozen years, found herself obliged to be attached to the Rev. Mr. Norris, a friend of her brother-in-law, with scarcely any private fortune, and Miss Frances fared yet worse.
Misty clouds forming, or hanging on heights, show wind and rain coming - if they remain, or descend.
Modern research has muc diminished the number of supposed hermaphrodites and of real hermaphrodite a large number pair; that is, two individuals regularly unite fo reproduction, which is all that concerns us.
Modifications in hard parts and in external part sometimes affect softer and internal parts.
Moquin-Tandon give a list of plants which, when growing near the sea-shore, have their leave in some degree fleshy, though not elsewhere fleshy.
More akin to our way of looking at life was the spirit of the Middle Ages, to whom heaven and the life of the next world was such a reality, that it became to them a part of the life upon the earth; which accordingly they loved and adorned, in spite of the ascetic doctrines of their formal creed, which bade them contemn it.
More cannot be hoped.
More especially we might have inferre this from the blue colour and the several marks so often appearing whe differently coloured breeds are crossed.
More individuals are born than can possibly survive.
More than usual twinkling of the stars; indistinctness or apparent multiplication of the moon's horns; haloes; wind-dogs; and the rainbow; are more or less significant of increasing wind, if no approaching rain.
More was not expected by one who, while seeing all the obligation and expediency of submission and forbearance, saw also with sympathetic acuteness of feeling all that must be hourly grating to a girl like Susan.
Moreover he had apparently neglected to wash his hands, and bore the air of one returning from a prolonged nutting ramble.
Moreover whenever complicated experiments are in progress, so careful an observer a Gartner would have castrated his hybrids, and this would have insured i each generation a cross with pollen from a distinct flower, either from th same plant or from another plant of the same hybrid nature.
Moreover, Dr. Gunthe has recently been led by several considerations to infer that with fishe the same forms have a long endurance.
Moreover, Gartner expressly states that the hybrids from long cultivate plants are more subject to reversion than hybrids from species in thei natural state; and this probably explains the singular difference in th results arrived at by different observers.
Moreover, I do no believe that any ornithologist would in this case place the Englis carrier, the short-faced tumbler, the runt, the barb, pouter, and fantai in the same genus; more especially as in each of these breeds severa truly-inherited sub-breeds, or species, as he would call them, could b shown him.
Moreover, I found that the women knew as much about all these things as the men: could name a flower, and knew its qualities; could tell you the habitat of such and such birds and fish, and the like.
Moreover, I think that it is only in parts of Europe which are more advanced than the rest of the world that you will hear this talk of the fear of a work-famine.
Moreover, a Gartner repeatedly crossed some forms, such as the common red and blu pimpernels (Anagallis arvensis and coerulea), which the best botanists ran as varieties, and found them absolutely sterile, we may doubt whether man species are really so sterile, when intercrossed, as he believed.
Moreover, as aforesaid, we have now found out what we want, so we make no more than we want; and as we are not driven to make a vast quantity of useless things we have time and resources enough to consider our pleasure in making them.
Moreover, at whatever period of life either disuse or selection reduces a organ, and this will generally be when the being has come to maturity an to exert its full powers of action, the principle of inheritance a corresponding ages will tend to reproduce the organ in its reduced state a the same mature age, but will seldom affect it in the embryo.
Moreover, eac species on the confines of its range, where it exists in lessened numbers will, during fluctuations in the number of its enemies or of its prey, o in the nature of the seasons, be extremely liable to utter extermination and thus its geographical range will come to be still more sharply defined.
Moreover, great areas, though now continuous, will often owing to former oscillations of level, have existed in a broken condition so that the good effects of isolation will generally, to a certain extent have concurred.
Moreover, he asserts that, when yellow and white varietie of one species are crossed with yellow and white varieties of a DISTINC species, more seed is produced by the crosses between the similarl coloured flowers, than between those which are differently coloured.
Moreover, in the case of animals which wander much about and cross freely their varieties seem to be generally confined to distinct regions.
Moreover, in the ray, besides the organ just referred to, ther is, as Dr. R. McDonnell has shown, another organ near the head, not know to be electrical, but which appears to be the real homologue of th electric battery in the torpedo.
Moreover, many bees have to remain idl for many days during the process of secretion.
Moreover, othe forms, which are not found in the Chalk of Europe, but which occur in th formations either above or below, occur in the same order at these distan points of the world.
Moreover, the possibility of making distinct races b crossing has been greatly exaggerated.
Moreover, the severa above-named domesticated breeds have been transported to all parts of th world, and, therefore, some of them must have been carried back again int their native country; but not one has become wild or feral, though th dovecot-pigeon, which is the rock-pigeon in a very slightly altered state has become feral in several places.
Moreover, the specie of the larger genera, which afford the greater number of varieties o incipient species, retain to a certain degree the character of varieties for they differ from each other by a less amount of difference than do th species of smaller genera.
Moreover, the species of the large genera which present any varieties invariably present a larger average number of varieties than do the specie of the small genera.
Moreover, the species of the larger genera are related to each other, i the same manner as the varieties of any one species are related to eac other.
Moreover, these two varieties, being only slightly modified forms, wil tend to inherit those advantages which made their parent (A) more numerou than most of the other inhabitants of the same country; they will als partake of those more general advantages which made the genus to which th parent-species belonged, a large genus in its own country.
Moreover, variations or individua differences of the right nature, by which some of the inhabitants might b better fitted to their new places under the altered circumstance, would no always occur at once.
Moreover, when birds belonging to two or more distinct breed are crossed, none of which are blue or have any of the above-specifie marks, the mongrel offspring are very apt suddenly to acquire thes characters.
Moreover, when, by sudden immigration or by unusuall rapid development, many species of a new group have taken possession of a area,  many of the older species will have been exterminated in  correspondingly rapid manner; and the forms which thus yield their place will commonly be allied, for they will partake of the same inferiority i common.
Moritz Wagner has lately published an interesting essay on thi subject, and has shown that the service rendered by isolation in preventin crosses between newly-formed varieties is probably greater even than  supposed.
Morren found in several species o Oxalis that the leaves and their foot-stalks moved, especially afte exposure to a hot sun, when they were gently and repeatedly touched, o when the plant was shaken.
Morsom nodded, and we all went into the street together, and got into the boat a little above the town bridge.
Most children, seeing books lying about, manage to read by the time they are four years old; though I am told it has not always been so.
Most formations have been intermittent in their accumulation; and thei duration has probably been shorter than the average duration of specifi forms.
Most marin animals have a wide range; and we have seen that with plants it is thos which have the widest range, that oftenest present varieties, so that, wit shells and other marine animals, it is probable that those which had th widest range, far exceeding the limits of the known geological formation in Europe, have oftenest given rise, first to local varieties an ultimately to new species; and this again would greatly lessen the chanc of our being able to trace the stages of transition in any one geologica formation.
Most naturalists, however, use such language only in a metaphorical sense: they are far from meaning that during a long course of descent, primordia organs of any kind - vertebrae in the one case and legs in the other - hav actually been converted into skulls or jaws.
Most of our best authorities are now convinced that th various larval and pupal stages of insects have thus been acquired throug adaptation, and not through inheritance from some ancient form.
Most of the animal and plants which live close round any small piece of ground, could live o it (supposing its nature not to be in any way peculiar), and may be said t be striving to the utmost to live there; but, it is seen, that where the come into the closest competition, the advantages of diversification o structure, with the accompanying differences of habit and constitution determine that the inhabitants, which thus jostle each other most closely shall, as a general rule, belong to what we call different genera an orders.
Most of the arguments which have convinced me tha all the existing species of the same group are descended from a singl progenitor, apply with equal force to the earliest known species.
Most of the have now been discussed.
Most of the varieties which have bee experimented on have been produced under domestication; and a domestication (I do not mean mere confinement) almost certainly tends t eliminate that sterility which, judging from analogy, would have affecte the parent-species if intercrossed, we ought not to expect tha domestication would likewise induce sterility in their modified descendant when crossed.
Most of these were admirable and straightforward expositions of the doctrines and practice of Socialism, free from haste and spite and hard words, and came upon the public with a kind of May-day freshness, amidst the worry and terror of the moment; and though the knowing well understood that the meaning of this move in the game was mere defiance, and a token of irreconcilable hostility to the then rulers of society, and though, also, they were meant for nothing else by 'the rebels,' yet they really had their effect as 'educational articles.' However, 'education' of another kind was acting upon the public with irresistible power, and probably cleared their heads a little.
Most physiologists believe that the bones of the skull ar homologous - that is, correspond in number and in relative connexion - wit the elemental parts of a certain number of vertebrae.
Most vegetable-feeding insects live on one kind of plant or on one group o plants; some feed indiscriminately on many kinds, but do not in consequenc vary.
Mothers certainly have not yet got quite the right way of managing their daughters.
Mountain breeds always differ from lowland breeds; and  mountainous country would probably affect the hind limbs from exercisin them more, and possibly even the form of the pelvis; and then by the law o homologous variation, the front limbs and the head would probably b affected.
Mountains are islands on th land; and their inhabitants have yielded to those produced within th larger areas of the north, just in the same way as the inhabitants of rea islands have everywhere yielded and are still yielding to continental form naturalised through man's agency.
Mr. Agassiz, to whose great kindness I am indebted fo much information on the subject, informs me that there are other star fishes, in which one of the three arms of the forceps is reduced to  support for the other two; and again, other genera in which the third ar is completely lost.
Mr. Bates may almost be said to have actuall witnessed the process by which the mimickers have come so closely t resemble the mimicked; for he found that some of the forms of Leptali which mimic so many other butterflies, varied in an extreme degree.
Mr. Bertram set off for -  -  -  - , and Miss Crawford was prepared to find a great chasm in their society, and to miss him decidedly in the meetings which were now becoming almost daily between the families; and on their all dining together at the Park soon after his going, she retook her chosen place near the bottom of the table, fully expecting to feel a most melancholy difference in the change of masters.
Mr. Bertram's acquaintance with him had begun at Weymouth, where they had spent ten days together in the same society, and the friendship, if friendship it might be called, had been proved and perfected by Mr. Yates's being invited to take Mansfield in his way, whenever he could, and by his promising to come; and he did come rather earlier than had been expected, in consequence of the sudden breaking-up of a large party assembled for gaiety at the house of another friend, which he had left Weymouth to join.
Mr. Bertram, I dare say you have sometimes met with such changes.
Mr. Blyth has seen a specimen of th hemionus with a distinct shoulder-stripe, though it properly has none; an I have been informed by Colonel Poole that foals of this species ar generally striped on the legs and faintly on the shoulder.
Mr. Busk, however, does not know of an gradations now existing between a zooid and an avicularium.
Mr. C. Noble, fo instance, informs me that he raises stocks for grafting from a hybri between Rhod.
Mr. Clift many years ago showed that the fossil mammals from the Australia caves were closely allied to the living marsupials of that continent.
Mr. Crawford and Miss Bertram were much more gay, and she thought that he was taking particular pains, during dinner, to do away any little resentment of the other two, and restore general good-humour.
Mr. Crawford bowed his acquiescence.
Mr. Crawford bowed his thanks.
Mr. Crawford desired that might not be thought of: he was very sure his sister had no wish of acting but as she might be useful, and that she would not allow herself to be considered in the present case.
Mr. Crawford gone, Sir Thomas's next object was that he should be missed; and he entertained great hope that his niece would find a blank in the loss of those attentions which at the time she had felt, or fancied, an evil.
Mr. Crawford had, as he foretold, been very punctual, and short and pleasant had been the meal.
Mr. Crawford has been kept waiting too long already.
Mr. Crawford meant to be in town by his uncle's accustomary late dinner-hour, and William was invited to dine with him at the Admiral's.
Mr. Crawford must not be kept longer waiting.
Mr. Crawford ought to know -  he must know that: I told him enough yesterday to convince him; he spoke to me on this subject yesterday, and I told him without disguise that it was very disagreeable to me, and quite out of my power to return his good opinion.
Mr. Crawford probably could not regard his future father-in-law with any idea of taking him for a model in dress; but (as Fanny instantly, and to her great relief, discerned) her father was a very different man, a very different Mr. Price in his behaviour to this most highly respected stranger, from what he was in his own family at home.
Mr. Crawford suggested the greater desirableness of some carriage which might convey more than two.
Mr. Crawford was in love with Fanny.
Mr. Crawford was no longer the Mr. Crawford who, as the clandestine, insidious, treacherous admirer of Maria Bertram, had been her abhorrence, whom she had hated to see or to speak to, in whom she could believe no good quality to exist, and whose power, even of being agreeable, she had barely acknowledged.
Mr. Crawford was not far off; Sir Thomas brought him to her, saying something which discovered to Fanny, that she was to lead the way and open the ball; an idea that had never occurred to her before.
Mr. Crawford was not only in the room - he was soon close to her.
Mr. Crawford was obliged to move.
Mr. Crawford was soon followed by Miss Bertram and Mr. Rushworth; and when, after a little time, the others began to form into parties, these three were found in busy consultation on the terrace by Edmund, Miss Crawford, and Fanny, who seemed as naturally to unite, and who, after a short participation of their regrets and difficulties, left them and walked on.
Mr. Crawford was the first to move forward to examine the capabilities of that end of the house.
Mr. Crawford would certainly never address her so again: he must have seen how unwelcome it was to her; and in that case, how gratefully she could esteem him for his friendship to William She would not stir farther from the East room than the head of the great staircase, till she had satisfied herself of Mr. Crawford's having left the house; but when convinced of his being gone, she was eager to go down and be with her uncle, and have all the happiness of his joy as well as her own, and all the benefit of his information or his conjectures as to what would now be William's destination.
Mr. Crawford would have fully acquitted her conduct in refusing him; but this, though most material to herself, would be poor consolation to Sir Thomas.
Mr. Crawford's business had been to declare himself the lover of Fanny, make decided proposals for her, and entreat the sanction of the uncle, who seemed to stand in the place of her parents; and he had done it all so well, so openly, so liberally, so properly, that Sir Thomas, feeling, moreover, his own replies, and his own remarks to have been very much to the purpose, was exceedingly happy to give the particulars of their conversation; and little aware of what was passing in his niece's mind, conceived that by such details he must be gratifying her far more than himself.
Mr. Crawford's steadiness was honoured, and Fanny was praised, and the connexion was still the most desirable in the world.
Mr. Crawford, as you have perhaps foreseen, is yet in the house.
Mr. Croll believes that the last grea glacial period occurred about 240,000 years ago, and endured, with sligh alterations of climate, for about 160,000 years.
Mr. Croll estimates tha about sixty million years have elapsed since the Cambrian period, but this judging from the small amount of organic change since the commencement o the Glacial epoch, appears a very short time for the many and grea mutations of life, which have certainly occurred since the Cambria formation; and the previous one hundred and forty million years can hardl be considered as sufficient for the development of the varied forms of lif which already existed during the Cambrian period.
Mr. Edmund Bertram, as you do not act yourself, you will be a disinterested adviser; and, therefore, I apply to you.
Mr. F. Smith has shown that the neuters o several British ants differ surprisingly from each other in size an sometimes in colour; and that the extreme forms can be linked together b individuals taken out of the same nest:  I have myself compared perfec gradations of this kind.
Mr. Fezziwig's Bal Mr. Fezziwig's Bal But if they had been twice as many - ah, four times - old Fezziwig would have been a match for them, and so would Mrs. Fezziwig.
Mr. Gould believes that birds o the same species are more brightly coloured under a clear atmosphere, tha when living near the coast or on islands; and Wollaston is convinced tha residence near the sea affects the colours of insects.
Mr. Gould remarked to me long ago, that in those genera o birds which range over the world, many of the species have very wid ranges.
Mr. H.C. Watson thinks that I have overrated the importance of divergenc of character (in which, however, he apparently believes), and tha convergence, as it may be called, has likewise played a part.
Mr. H.C. Watson, to whom I li under deep obligation for assistance of all kinds, has marked for me 18 British plants, which are generally considered as varieties, but which hav all been ranked by botanists as species; and in making this list he ha omitted many trifling varieties, but which nevertheless have been ranked b some botanists as species, and he has entirely omitted several highl polymorphic genera.
Mr. Hopkins also expresses his belief that sedimentary beds of considerabl horizontal extent have rarely been completely destroyed.
Mr. Lankester also adduces the clos resemblance of the parts on the right and left sides of the body, and i the successive segments of the same individual animal; and here we hav parts commonly called homologous which bear no relation to the descent o distinct species from a common progenitor.
Mr. Mivart has advanced this case as one of specia difficulty, but I am unable to see the force of his argument.
Mr. Mivart has taken up this case, and remarks that a sudden spontaneou transformation in the position of the eyes is hardly conceivable, in whic I quite agree with him.
Mr. Mivart then asks (and this is his second objection), if natura selection be so potent, and if high browsing be so great an advantage, wh has not any other hoofed quadruped acquired a long neck and lofty stature besides the giraffe, and, in a lesser degree, the camel, guanaco an macrauchenia?  Or, again, why has not any member of the group acquired  long proboscis?  With respect to South Africa, which was formerly inhabite by numerous herds of the giraffe, the answer is not difficult, and can bes be given by an illustration.
Mr. Naseby is of course a large proprietor in our neighbourhood; but fidelity to facts, decent feeling, and English grammar, are all of them qualities more important than the possession of land.
Mr. Naseby looked up, indignant.
Mr. Naseby told me in a note that he had sent his letter to three other journals, and in fact threatened me with what he called exposure if I kept it back from mine.
Mr. Naseby was silent for a moment, struggling to keep down his emotion, and he mastered it so far as to mount into the sarcastic vein, when he was in the nearest danger of melting into the sorrowful.
Mr. Prestwich, in hi admirable Memoirs on the eocene deposits of England and France, is able t draw a close general parallelism between the successive stages in the tw countries; but when he compares certain stages in England with those i France, although he finds in both a curious accordance in the numbers o the species belonging to the same genera, yet the species themselves diffe in a manner very difficult to account for considering the proximity of th two areas, unless, indeed, it be assumed that an isthmus separated two sea inhabited by distinct, but contemporaneous faunas.
Mr. Price cared too little about the report to make her much answer.
Mr. Price was out, which she regretted very much.
Mr. Ramsay remarks that two of th Australian cuckoos, when they lay their eggs in an open nest, manifest  decided preference for nests containing eggs similar in colour to thei own.
Mr. Rushworth came back from the Parsonage successful; and Edmund made his appearance just in time to learn what had been settled for Wednesday, to attend Mrs. Rushworth to her carriage, and walk half-way down the park with the two other ladies.
Mr. Rushworth could be silent no longer.
Mr. Rushworth had been gone at this time to Bath, to pass a few days with his mother, and bring her back to town, and Maria was with these friends without any restraint, without even Julia; for Julia had removed from Wimpole Street two or three weeks before, on a visit to some relations of Sir Thomas; a removal which her father and mother were now disposed to attribute to some view of convenience on Mr. Yates's account.
Mr. Rushworth had set off early with the great news for Sotherton; and she had fondly hoped for such an immediate eclaircissement as might save him the trouble of ever coming back again.
Mr. Rushworth had, perhaps, been accepted on too short an acquaintance, and, on knowing him better, she was repenting.
Mr. Rushworth hardly knew what to do with so much meaning; but by looking, as he really felt, most exceedingly pleased with Sir Thomas's good opinion, and saying scarcely anything, he did his best towards preserving that good opinion a little longer.
Mr. Rushworth has made it since he succeeded to the estate.
Mr. Rushworth is never remiss.
Mr. Rushworth is quite right, I think, in meaning to give it a modern dress, and I have no doubt that it will be all done extremely well.
Mr. Rushworth liked the idea of his finery very well, though affecting to despise it; and was too much engaged with what his own appearance would be to think of the others, or draw any of those conclusions, or feel any of that displeasure which Maria had been half prepared for.
Mr. Rushworth must and would improve in good society; and if Maria could now speak so securely of her happiness with him, speaking certainly without the prejudice, the blindness of love, she ought to be believed.
Mr. Rushworth talked of the west front.
Mr. Rushworth then began to propose Mr. Crawford's doing him the honour of coming over to Sotherton, and taking a bed there; when Mrs. Norris, as if reading in her two nieces' minds their little approbation of a plan which was to take Mr. Crawford away, interposed with an amendment.
Mr. Rushworth was at the door to receive his fair lady; and the whole party were welcomed by him with due attention.
Mr. Rushworth was eager to assure her ladyship of his acquiescence, and tried to make out something complimentary; but, between his submission to her taste, and his having always intended the same himself, with the superadded objects of professing attention to the comfort of ladies in general, and of insinuating that there was one only whom he was anxious to please, he grew puzzled, and Edmund was glad to put an end to his speech by a proposal of wine.
Mr. Rushworth was from the first struck with the beauty of Miss Bertram, and, being inclined to marry, soon fancied himself in love.
Mr. Rushworth was not forgotten: a most friendly reception and warmth of hand-shaking had already met him, and with pointed attention he was now included in the objects most intimately connected with Mansfield.
Mr. Rushworth was worked on.
Mr. Rushworth was young enough to improve.
Mr. Rushworth will be here in a moment, you know; we shall not be out of sight.
Mr. Rushworth wished he had brought the key; he had been very near thinking whether he should not bring the key; he was determined he would never come without the key again; but still this did not remove the present evil.
Mr. Rushworth's consequence was hers.
Mr. Rushworth, however, though not usually a great talker, had still more to say on the subject next his heart.
Mr. Salter has recently given the results o an examination of about 500 eggs produced from various crosses betwee three species of Gallus and their hybrids; the majority of these eggs ha been fertilised; and in the majority of the fertilised eggs, the embryo had either been partially developed and had then perished, or had becom nearly mature, but the young chickens had been unable to break through th shell.
Mr. Scott also has experimented on the species and varieties of Verbascum; an although unable to confirm Gartner's results on the crossing of th distinct species, he finds that the dissimilarly coloured varieties of th same species yield fewer seeds, in the proportion of eighty-six to 100 than the similarly coloured varieties.
Mr. Swaysland, of Brighton, wh during the last forty years has paid close attention to our migrator birds, informs me that he has often shot wagtails (Motacillae), wheatears and whinchats (Saxicolae), on their first arrival on our shores, befor they had alighted; and he has several times noticed little cakes of eart attached to their feet.
Mr. Thwaites informs me that h has observed similar facts in Ceylon; analogous observations have been mad by Mr. H.C. Watson on European species of plants brought from the Azores t England; and I could give other cases.
Mr. Wallace has also detected one such cas with birds, but we have none with the larger quadrupeds.
Mr. Wallace, for instance, describes a certain butterfly whic presents in the same island a great range of varieties connected b intermediate links, and the extreme links of the chain closely resemble th two forms of an allied dimorphic species inhabiting another part of th Malay Archipelago.
Mr. Walsh ranks the forms which i may be supposed would freely intercross, as varieties; and those whic appear to have lost this power, as species.
Mr. Waterhouse has remarked that when a member belonging to one group o animals exhibits an affinity to a quite distinct group, this affinity i most cases is general and not special:  thus, according to Mr. Waterhouse of all Rodents, the bizcacha is most nearly related to Marsupials; but i the points in which it approaches this order, its relations are general that is, not to any one Marsupial species more than to another.
Mr. Watson has also objected that the continued action of natura selection, together with divergence of character, would tend to make a indefinite number of specific forms.
Mr. Windsor Earl ha made some striking observations on this head, since greatly extended by Mr. Wallace's admirable researches, in regard to the great Malay Archipelago which is traversed near Celebes by a space of deep ocean, and thi separates two widely distinct mammalian faunas.
Mr. Wollaston ha discovered the remarkable fact that 200 beetles, out of the 550 specie (but more are now known) inhabiting Madeira, are so far deficient in wing that they cannot fly; and that, of the twenty-nine endemic genera, no les than twenty-three have all their species in this condition!  Several facts namely, that beetles in many parts of the world are very frequently blow to sea and perish; that the beetles in Madeira, as observed by Mr. Wollaston, lie much concealed, until the wind lulls and the sun shines that the proportion of wingless beetles is larger on the exposed Deserta than in Madeira itself; and especially the extraordinary fact, so strongl insisted on by Mr. Wollaston, that certain large groups of beetles elsewhere excessively numerous, which absolutely require the use of thei wings, are here almost entirely absent.
Mr. Woodward has shown that the same law holds good wit sea-shells, but, from the wide distribution of most molluscs, it is no well displayed by them.
Mr. Yates had staid to see the destruction of every theatrical preparation at Mansfield, the removal of everything appertaining to the play: he left the house in all the soberness of its general character; and Sir Thomas hoped, in seeing him out of it, to be rid of the worst object connected with the scheme, and the last that must be inevitably reminding him of its existence.
Mr. Yates took the subject from his friend as soon as possible, and immediately gave Sir Thomas an account of what they had done and were doing: told him of the gradual increase of their views, the happy conclusion of their first difficulties, and present promising state of affairs; relating everything with so blind an interest as made him not only totally unconscious of the uneasy movements of many of his friends as they sat, the change of countenance, the fidget, the hem! of unquietness, but prevented him even from seeing the expression of the face on which his own eyes were fixed - from seeing Sir Thomas's dark brow contract as he looked with inquiring earnestness at his daughters and Edmund, dwelling particularly on the latter, and speaking a language, a remonstrance, a reproof, which he felt at his heart.
Mr. Yates was beginning now to understand Sir Thomas's intentions, though as far as ever from understanding their source.
Mr. Yates was particularly pleased: he had been sighing and longing to do the Baron at Ecclesford, had grudged every rant of Lord Ravenshaw's, and been forced to re-rant it all in his own room.
Mr. Yates's convenience had had nothing to do with it.
Mr. Yates, who was trying to make himself agreeable to Julia, found her gloom less impenetrable on any topic than that of his regret at her secession from their company; and Mr. Rushworth, having only his own part and his own dress in his head, had soon talked away all that could be said of either.
Mr. and Mrs. Fezziwig took their stations, one on either side of the door, and shaking hands with every person individually as he or she went out, wished him or her a Merry Christmas.
Mr.Yates felt it as acutely as might be supposed.
Mr.Yates was still talking.
Mrs. Chapman had just reached the attic floor, when Miss Price came out of her room completely dressed, and only civilities were necessary; but Fanny felt her aunt's attention almost as much as Lady Bertram or Mrs. Chapman could do themselves.
Mrs. Cratchit made the gravy (ready beforehand in a little saucepan) hissing hot; Master Peter mashed the potatoes with incredible vigour; Miss Belinda sweetened up the apple-sauce; Martha dusted the hot plates; Bob took Tiny Tim beside him in a tiny corner at the table; the two young Cratchits set chairs for everybody, not forgetting themselves, and mounting guard upon their posts, crammed spoons into their mouths, lest they should shriek for goose before their turn came to be helped.
Mrs. Cratchit said that now the weight was off her mind, she would confess she had had her doubts about the quantity of flour.
Mrs. Fraser (no bad judge) declares she knows but three men in town who have so good a person, height, and air; and I must confess, when he dined here the other day, there were none to compare with him, and we were a party of sixteen.
Mrs. Fraser has been my intimate friend for years.
Mrs. Grant and her tambour frame were not without their use: it was all in harmony; and as everything will turn to account when love is once set going, even the sandwich tray, and Dr. Grant doing the honours of it, were worth looking at.
Mrs. Grant has asked Fanny to dinner.
Mrs. Grant laughed at her for her rapidity.
Mrs. Grant offered herself as companion for the day to Lady Bertram in lieu of her son, and Dr. Grant was to join them at dinner.
Mrs. Grant thinks it a civility due to us to take a little notice of you, or else it would never have come into her head, and you may be very certain that, if your cousin Julia had been at home, you would not have been asked at all.
Mrs. Grant was of consequence: her good-nature had honourable mention; her taste and her time were considered; her presence was wanted; she was sought for, and attended, and praised; and Fanny was at first in some danger of envying her the character she had accepted.
Mrs. Grant's manners are just what they ought to be.
Mrs. Grant's shewing civility to Miss Price, to Lady Bertram's niece, could never want explanation.
Mrs. Grant, I believe, suspects him of a preference for Julia; I have never seen much symptom of it, but I wish it may be so.
Mrs. Grant, hearing the latter part of this speech, enforced it warmly, persuaded that no judgment could be equal to her brother's; and as Miss Bertram caught at the idea likewise, and gave it her full support, declaring that, in her opinion, it was infinitely better to consult with friends and disinterested advisers, than immediately to throw the business into the hands of a professional man, Mr. Rushworth was very ready to request the favour of Mr. Crawford's assistance; and Mr. Crawford, after properly depreciating his own abilities, was quite at his service in any way that could be useful.
Mrs. Grant, really eager to get any change for her sister, could, by the easiest self-deceit, persuade herself that she was doing the kindest thing by Fanny, and giving her the most important opportunities of improvement in pressing her frequent calls.
Mrs. Grant, with a temper to love and be loved, must have gone with some regret from the scenes and people she had been used to; but the same happiness of disposition must in any place, and any society, secure her a great deal to enjoy, and she had again a home to offer Mary; and Mary had had enough of her own friends, enough of vanity, ambition, love, and disappointment in the course of the last half-year, to be in need of the true kindness of her sister's heart, and the rational tranquillity of her ways.
Mrs. Norris accepted the compliment, and admired the nice discernment of character which could so well distinguish merit.
Mrs. Norris almost started.
Mrs. Norris and her nieces were all well pleased with its revival, and an early day was named and agreed to, provided Mr. Crawford should be disengaged: the young ladies did not forget that stipulation, and though Mrs. Norris would willingly have answered for his being so, they would neither authorise the liberty nor run the risk; and at last, on a hint from Miss Bertram, Mr. Rushworth discovered that the properest thing to be done was for him to walk down to the Parsonage directly, and call on Mr. Crawford, and inquire whether Wednesday would suit him or not.
Mrs. Norris began scolding.
Mrs. Norris began to look about her, and wonder that his falling in love with Julia had come to nothing; and could almost fear that she had been remiss herself in forwarding it; but with so many to care for, how was it possible for even her activity to keep pace with her wishes Another day or two, and Mr. Yates was gone likewise.
Mrs. Norris contrived to remove one article from his sight that might have distressed him.
Mrs. Norris could not help thinking that some steady old thing might be found among the numbers belonging to the Park that would do vastly well; or that one might be borrowed of the steward; or that perhaps Dr. Grant might now and then lend them the pony he sent to the post.
Mrs. Norris could not see it in the same light.
Mrs. Norris could not speak with any temper of such grievances, nor of the quantity of butter and eggs that were regularly consumed in the house.
Mrs. Norris felt herself defrauded of an office on which she had always depended, whether his arrival or his death were to be the thing unfolded; and was now trying to be in a bustle without having anything to bustle about, and labouring to be important where nothing was wanted but tranquillity and silence.
Mrs. Norris fetched breath, and went on again.
Mrs. Norris had been talking to her the whole way from Northampton of her wonderful good fortune, and the extraordinary degree of gratitude and good behaviour which it ought to produce, and her consciousness of misery was therefore increased by the idea of its being a wicked thing for her not to be happy.
Mrs. Norris had been too well employed to move faster.
Mrs. Norris had no affection for Fanny, and no wish of procuring her pleasure at any time; but her opposition to Edmund now, arose more from partiality for her own scheme, because it was her own, than from anything else.
Mrs. Norris had not another word to say.
Mrs. Norris had now so ingeniously done away all Mrs. Grant's part of the favour, that Fanny, who found herself expected to speak, could only say that she was very much obliged to her aunt Bertram for sparing her, and that she was endeavouring to put her aunt's evening work in such a state as to prevent her being missed.
Mrs. Norris is much better fitted than my mother for having the charge of you now.
Mrs. Norris offered to contrive his dress, Mr. Yates assured him that Anhalt's last scene with the Baron admitted a good deal of action and emphasis, and Mr. Rushworth undertook to count his speeches.
Mrs. Norris related again her triumph over Dick Jackson, but neither play nor preparation were otherwise much talked of, for Edmund's disapprobation was felt even by his brother, though he would not have owned it.
Mrs. Norris seemed as much delighted with the saving it would be to Sir Thomas as with any part of it.
Mrs. Norris took possession of the White House, the Grants arrived at the Parsonage, and these events over, everything at Mansfield went on for some time as usual.
Mrs. Norris was a little confounded and as nearly being silenced as ever she had been in her life; for she was ashamed to confess having never seen any of the impropriety which was so glaring to Sir Thomas, and would not have admitted that her influence was insufficient -  that she might have talked in vain.
Mrs. Norris was all delight and volubility; and even Fanny had something to say in admiration, and might be heard with complacency.
Mrs. Norris was by no means to be compared in happiness to her sister.
Mrs. Norris was left to settle the matter by herself; and it ended, to the infinite joy of her nephew and niece, in the recollection that she could not possibly be spared from Mansfield Park at present; that she was a great deal too necessary to Sir Thomas and Lady Bertram for her to be able to answer it to herself to leave them even for a week, and therefore must certainly sacrifice every other pleasure to that of being useful to them.
Mrs. Norris was most zealous in promoting the match, by every suggestion and contrivance likely to enhance its desirableness to either party; and, among other means, by seeking an intimacy with the gentleman's mother, who at present lived with him, and to whom she even forced Lady Bertram to go through ten miles of indifferent road to pay a morning visit.
Mrs. Norris was obliged to be satisfied with thinking just the same, and with having been on the point of proposing the 22nd herself, as by far the best day for the purpose.
Mrs. Norris was often observing to the others that she could not get her poor sister and her family out of her head, and that, much as they had all done for her, she seemed to be wanting to do more; and at length she could not but own it to be her wish that poor Mrs. Price should be relieved from the charge and expense of one child entirely out of her great number.
Mrs. Norris was quite at his service; and though she perfectly agreed with him as to its being a most difficult thing, encouraged him to hope that between them it would be easily managed.
Mrs. Norris was ready with her suggestions as to the rooms he would think fittest to be used, but found it all prearranged; and when she would have conjectured and hinted about the day, it appeared that the day was settled too.
Mrs. Norris was sorry to say that the little girl's staying with them, at least as things then were, was quite out of the question.
Mrs. Norris was talking to Julia, and did not hear.
Mrs. Norris was very ready with the only objection which could remain - their having positively assured Mrs. Rushworth that Fanny could not go, and the very strange appearance there would consequently be in taking her, which seemed to her a difficulty quite impossible to be got over.
Mrs. Norris's removal from Mansfield was the great supplementary comfort of Sir Thomas's life.
Mrs. Norris, being not at all inclined to question its sufficiency, began to take the matter in another point.
Mrs. Norris, however, as most attached to Maria, was really the greatest sufferer.
Mrs. Norris, however, had gone home and taken down two old prayer-books of her husband with that idea; but, upon examination, the ardour of generosity went off.
Mrs. Norris, however, relieved him.
Mrs. Norris, most happy to assist in the duties of the day, by spending it at the Park to support her sister's spirits, and drinking the health of Mr. and Mrs. Rushworth in a supernumerary glass or two, was all joyous delight; for she had made the match; she had done everything; and no one would have supposed, from her confident triumph, that she had ever heard of conjugal infelicity in her life, or could have the smallest insight into the disposition of the niece who had been brought up under her eye.
Mrs. Norris, much discontented, was obliged to compose herself to work again; and Fanny, walking off in agitating consciousness, found herself, as she anticipated, in another minute alone with Mr. Crawford.
Mrs. Norris, on quitting the Parsonage, removed first to the Park, and afterwards to a small house of Sir Thomas's in the village, and consoled herself for the loss of her husband by considering that she could do very well without him; and for her reduction of income by the evident necessity of stricter economy.
Mrs. Norris, who had begun to redden, was appeased; and, for a little while, other subjects took place of the improvements of Sotherton.
Mrs. Norris, whose attachment seemed to augment with the demerits of her niece, would have had her received at home and countenanced by them all.
Mrs. Price did quite as much for Lady Bertram as Lady Bertram would have done for Mrs. Price.
Mrs. Price seemed rather surprised that a girl should be fixed on, when she had so many fine boys, but accepted the offer most thankfully, assuring them of her daughter's being a very well-disposed, good-humoured girl, and trusting they would never have cause to throw her off.
Mrs. Price talked of her poor sister for a few minutes, but how to find anything to hold Susan's clothes, because Rebecca took away all the boxes and spoilt them, was much more in her thoughts: and as for Susan, now unexpectedly gratified in the first wish of her heart, and knowing nothing personally of those who had sinned, or of those who were sorrowing - if she could help rejoicing from beginning to end, it was as much as ought to be expected from human virtue at fourteen.
Mrs. Price took her weekly walk on the ramparts every fine Sunday throughout the year, always going directly after morning service and staying till dinner-time.
Mrs. Price was not unkind; but, instead of gaining on her affection and confidence, and becoming more and more dear, her daughter never met with greater kindness from her than on the first day of her arrival.
Mrs. Price's manners were also at their best.
Mrs. Price, Rebecca, and Betsey all went up to defend themselves, all talking together, but Rebecca loudest, and the job was to be done as well as it could in a great hurry; William trying in vain to send Betsey down again, or keep her from being troublesome where she was; the whole of which, as almost every door in the house was open, could be plainly distinguished in the parlour, except when drowned at intervals by the superior noise of Sam, Tom, and Charles chasing each other up and down stairs, and tumbling about and hallooing.
Mrs. Price, in her turn, was injured and angry; and an answer, which comprehended each sister in its bitterness, and bestowed such very disrespectful reflections on the pride of Sir Thomas as Mrs. Norris could not possibly keep to herself, put an end to all intercourse between them for a considerable period.
Mrs. Price, it appeared, scarcely ever stirred out of doors, except of a Sunday; she owned she could seldom, with her large family, find time for a walk.
Mrs. R. has been spending the Easter with the Aylmers at Twickenham (as to be sure you know), and is not yet returned; and Julia is with the cousins who live near Bedford Square, but I forget their name and street.
Mrs. R. knows a decline is apprehended; he saw her this morning: she returns to Wimpole Street to-day; the old lady is come.
Mrs. Rushworth acknowledged herself very desirous that her son should marry, and declared that of all the young ladies she had ever seen, Miss Bertram seemed, by her amiable qualities and accomplishments, the best adapted to make him happy.
Mrs. Rushworth began her relation.
Mrs. Rushworth being obliged to yield to Lady Bertram's staying at home, could only be sorry.
Mrs. Rushworth had gone, for the Easter holidays, to Twickenham, with a family whom she had just grown intimate with: a family of lively, agreeable manners, and probably of morals and discretion to suit, for to their house Mr. Crawford had constant access at all times.
Mrs. Rushworth had left her husband's house: Mr. Rushworth had been in great anger and distress to him (Mr. Harding) for his advice; Mr. Harding feared there had been at least very flagrant indiscretion.
Mrs. Rushworth proceeded next, under the conviction that everybody must be wanting to see Sotherton, to include Miss Crawford in the invitation; and though Mrs. Grant, who had not been at the trouble of visiting Mrs. Rushworth, on her coming into the neighbourhood, civilly declined it on her own account, she was glad to secure any pleasure for her sister; and Mary, properly pressed and persuaded, was not long in accepting her share of the civility.
Mrs. Rushworth proposed that the chaise should be taken also; but this was scarcely received as an amendment: the young ladies neither smiled nor spoke.
Mrs. Rushworth submitted; and the question of surveying the grounds, with the who and the how, was likely to be more fully agitated, and Mrs. Norris was beginning to arrange by what junction of carriages and horses most could be done, when the young people, meeting with an outward door, temptingly open on a flight of steps which led immediately to turf and shrubs, and all the sweets of pleasure-grounds, as by one impulse, one wish for air and liberty, all walked out.
Mrs. Rushworth was gone to repeat her lesson to Mr. Crawford; and Edmund, Fanny, and Miss Crawford remained in a cluster together.
Mrs. Rushworth was quite ready to retire, and make way for the fortunate young woman whom her dear son had selected; and very early in November removed herself, her maid, her footman, and her chariot, with true dowager propriety, to Bath, there to parade over the wonders of Sotherton in her evening parties; enjoying them as thoroughly, perhaps, in the animation of a card-table, as she had ever done on the spot; and before the middle of the same month the ceremony had taken place which gave Sotherton another mistress.
Mrs. Rushworth, who saw nothing but her son, was quite at a loss.
Much light will be thrown on the origin of ma and his history.
Much might happen in thirteen weeks.
Much of all this Fanny could not but be sensible of.
Much refraction is a sign of Easterly wind.
Much stress has been laid by some authors on the supposed fact, that it i only with mongrels that the offspring are not intermediate in character but closely resemble one of their parents; but this does sometimes occu with hybrids, yet I grant much less frequently than with mongrels.
Much they saw, and far they went, and many homes they visited, but always with a happy end.
Much was left for the men of my earlier life to deal with.
Much was said on his side to induce her to attend the races, and schemes were made for a large party to them, with all the eagerness of inclination, but it would only do to be talked of.
Much was said, and much was ate, and all went well.
Mulle was thus led carefully to examine the apparatus in the air-breathin species; and he found it to differ in each in several important points, a in the position of the orifices, in the manner in which they are opened an closed, and in some accessory details.
Multiple part are variable in number and in structure, perhaps arising from such part not having been closely specialised for any particular function, so tha their modifications have not been closely checked by natural selection.
Must it not follow of course, that, when he was understood, he should succeed? He believed it fully.
My Fanny, indeed, at this very time, I have the satisfaction of knowing, must have been happy in spite of everything.
My acquaintance with Mr. Van Tromp is really very slender; I am only afraid that Miss Van Tromp has exaggerated our intimacy in her own imagination.
My age is falling from me like a garment, and I move towards the star as a child.
My aunt is acting like a sensible woman in wishing for you.
My card has been sent in, but perhaps you may not know, what it does not tell you, that I am the editor of the Thymebury Star.
My companion gave a sigh of pleased surprise and enjoyment; nor did I wonder, for the garden between the wall and the house was redolent of the June flowers, and the roses were rolling over one another with that delicious superabundance of small well-tended gardens which at first sight takes away all thought from the beholder save that of beauty.
My companion seemed to share in my feelings, and let the horse go slower and slower as he sat inhaling the green forest scents, chief amongst which was the smell of the trodden bracken near the wayside.
My conduct shall speak for me; absence, distance, time shall speak for me.
My cousin is grown up.
My dear Miss Price, I beg your pardon, but I have made my way to you on purpose to entreat your help.
My dear Sir Thomas, we have settled it that the carriage should come back for you, and Edmund and William.
My dear little creature, do not stay at Portsmouth to lose your pretty looks.
My dear, dear Fanny, if I had you here, how I would talk to you! You should listen to me till you were tired, and advise me till you were still tired more; but it is impossible to put a hundredth part of my great mind on paper, so I will abstain altogether, and leave you to guess what you like.
My dear, that's nonsense.
My dearest Henry, the advantage to you of getting away from the Admiral before your manners are hurt by the contagion of his, before you have contracted any of his foolish opinions, or learned to sit over your dinner as if it were the best blessing of life! You are not sensible of the gain, for your regard for him has blinded you; but, in my estimation, your marrying early may be the saving of you.
My eyes are opened.
My father is not overpowered.
My father means to fetch you himself, but it will not be till after Easter, when he has business in town.
My father wished us, as schoolboys, to speak well, but he would never wish his grown-up daughters to be acting plays.
My father wishes you to invite Susan to go with you for a few months.
My feelings are not quite so evanescent, nor my memory of the past under such easy dominion as one finds to be the case with men of the world.
My feet turned that way instinctively, as I wanted to see how haymakers looked in these new and better times, and also I rather expected to see Ellen there.
My friend Sneyd - you have heard me speak of Sneyd, Edmund -  his father, and mother, and sisters, were there, all new to me.
My friend seemed to understand it, and sat looking on me with a pleased and affectionate interest.
My friend, Mrs. Fraser, is mad for such a house, and it would not make me miserable.
My friend, that is a question easy to answer.
My greatest danger would lie in her consulting Mrs. Fraser, and I at a distance unable to help my own cause.
My hopes are much weaker.
My influence, which is not small shall all go that way; and when once married, and properly supported by her own family, people of respectability as they are, she may recover her footing in society to a certain degree.
My intentions are only not to be poor.
My judgment may no be trustworthy, but after reading with care Mr. Mivart's book, an comparing each section with what I have said on the same head, I neve before felt so strongly convinced of the general truth of the conclusion here arrived at, subject, of course, in so intricate a subject, to muc partial error.
My life tends that way, now.
My love of talk still abides with me, or rather grows on me; and though it is pleasant enough to see these youngsters moving about and playing together so seriously, as if the whole world depended on their kisses (as indeed it does somewhat), yet I don't think my tales of the past interest them much.
My mind is entirely made up.
My mother desires her best love, and hopes to hear from you soon.
My mother seldom goes into company herself, and dines nowhere but with Mrs. Grant, and Fanny stays at home with her.
My object is to confine it to Mrs. Rushworth and the Grants.
My object was accomplished in the visit.
My old kinsman says that they treated them in a very simple way, and instead of teaching poor men's sons to know something, they taught rich men's sons to know nothing.
My other sacrifice, of course, you do not understand.
My own sister as a wife, Sir Thomas Bertram as a husband, are my standards of perfection.
My own trouble, you know, I never regard.
My own.
My plan was laid at Westminster, a little altered, perhaps, at Cambridge, and at one-and-twenty executed.
My poor aunt always felt affected if within ten miles of the sea, which the Admiral of course never believed, but I know it was so.
My poor father and I are scarce on speaking terms.
My poor sister was forced to stay and bear it.
My present state is miserably irksome.
My reasons for doubting whether natural species have changed as abruptly a have occasionally domestic races, and for entirely disbelieving that the have changed in the wonderful manner indicated by Mr. Mivart, are a follows.
My situation is as much altered as my income.
My situation, my foolishness and awkwardness.
My son made a carefu examination and sketch for me of a dun Belgian cart-horse with a doubl stripe on each shoulder and with leg-stripes.
My spirit never walked beyond our counting-house - mark me! - in life my spirit never roved beyond the narrow limits of our money-changing hole; and weary journeys lie before me! It was a habit with Scrooge, whenever he became thoughtful, to put his hands in his breeches pockets.
My stupidity was abominable, for here we have all the advantage of what I saw at Ecclesford; and it is so useful to have anything of a model! We have cast almost every part.
My theoretical and his practical knowledge together could not have failed.
My thought returned to me after what I think was but a minute or two, but which, as in a vivid dream, seemed as if it had lasted a long time, when I saw Ellen sitting, looking all the fuller of life and pleasure and desire from the contrast with the grey faded tapestry with its futile design, which was now only bearable because it had grown so faint and feeble.
My uncle disapproved it all so entirely when he did arrive, that in my opinion everything had gone quite far enough.
My uncle meant it so.
My uncle says nothing, but I am sure he will do everything in his power to get you made.
My uncle talked of two months.
My uncle, who is the very best man in the world, has exerted himself, as I knew he would, after seeing your brother.
My work is now (1859) nearly finished; but as it will take me many mor years to complete it, and as my health is far from strong, I have bee urged to publish this abstract.
N doubt errors may have crept in, though I hope I have always been cautiou in trusting to good authorities alone.
N doubt many organs exist of which we do not know the transitional grades more especially if we look to much-isolated species, around which according to the theory, there has been much extinction.
N doubt small areas can be pointed out in the Old World hotter than any i the New World; but these are not inhabited by a fauna different from tha of the surrounding districts; for it is rare to find a group of organism confined to a small area, of which the conditions are peculiar in only  slight degree.
N explanation can be given of these facts, any more than why certain tree cannot be grafted on others.
N fixed law seems to determine the length of time during which any singl species or any single genus endures.
N naturalist can have worked at any group without being struck with thi fact; and it has been fully acknowledged in the writings of almost ever author.
N.E and S.W may therefore be called the wind's extreme bearing (rather than poles)?
Name your business distinctly, and be off.
Nance whimpered and recalled several episodes of Dick's childhood, which moved Mr. Naseby to blow his nose and shake her hard by the hand; and then, the horse arriving opportunely, to get himself without delay into the saddle and canter off.
Nat.
Natural Selection  -  its power compared with man's selection  -  its powe on characters of trifling importance  -  its power at all ages and on bot sexes  -  Sexual Selection  -  On the generality of intercrosses betwee individuals of the same species  -  Circumstances favourable an unfavourable to the results of Natural Selection, namely, intercrossing isolation, number of individuals  -  Slow action  -  Extinction caused b Natural Selection  -  Divergence of Character, related to the diversity o inhabitants of any small area and to naturalisation  -  Action of Natura Selection, through Divergence of Character and Extinction, on th descendants from a common parent  -  Explains the Grouping of all organi beings  -  Advance in organisation  -  Low forms preserved  -  Convergence o character  -  Indefinite multiplication of species  -  Summary.
Natural selectio will not necessarily lead to absolute perfection; nor, as far as we ca judge by our limited faculties, can absolute perfection be everywher predicated.
Natural selection acts exclusively by the preservation and accumulation o variations, which are beneficial under the organic and inorganic condition to which each creature is exposed at all periods of life.
Natural selection acts only by th preservation and accumulation of small inherited modifications, eac profitable to the preserved being; and as modern geology has almos banished such views as the excavation of a great valley by a singl diluvial wave, so will natural selection banish the belief of the continue creation of new organic beings, or of any great and sudden modification i their structure.
Natural selection acts solely through the preservation o variations in some way advantageous, which consequently endure.
Natural selection as has just been remarked, leads to divergence of character and to muc extinction of the less improved and intermediate forms of life.
Natural selection can produce nothing in one species for the exclusive goo or injury of another; though it may well produce parts, organs, an excretions highly useful or even indispensable, or highly injurious t another species, but in all cases at the same time useful to the possessor.
Natural selection cannot possibly produce any modification in a specie exclusively for the good of another species; though throughout nature on species incessantly takes advantage of, and profits by the structures o others.
Natural selection may modify and adapt the larva of a insect to a score of contingencies, wholly different from those whic concern the mature insect; and these modifications may affect, throug correlation, the structure of the adult.
Natural selection tends only to make each organic being as perfect as, o slightly more perfect than the other inhabitants of the same country wit which it comes into competition.
Natural selection will modify the structure of the young in relation to th parent and of the parent in relation to the young.
Natural selection will never produce in a being any structure mor injurious than beneficial to that being, for natural selection acts solel by and for the good of each.
Natural selection will not produce absolut perfection, nor do we always meet, as far as we can judge, with this hig standard under nature.
Natural selection, also, leads to divergence of character; for the mor organic beings diverge in structure, habits and constitution, by so muc the more can a large number be supported on the area, of which we see proo by looking to the inhabitants of any small spot, and to the production naturalised in foreign lands.
Natural selection, it should never b forgotten, can act solely through and for the advantage of each being.
Natural selection, on the principle of qualities being inherited a corresponding ages, can modify the egg, seed, or young as easily as th adult.
Naturalists continually refer to external conditions, such a climate, food, etc., as the only possible cause of variation.
Naturalists frequently speak of the skull as formed of metamorphose vertebrae; the jaws of crabs as metamorphosed legs; the stamens and pistil in flowers as metamorphosed leaves; but it would in most cases be mor correct, as Professor Huxley has remarked, to speak of both skull an vertebrae, jaws and legs, etc., as having been metamorphosed, not one fro the other, as they now exist, but from some common and simpler element.
Naturalists, as we have seen, try to arrange the species, genera an families in each class, on what is called the Natural System.
Nature had given them no inconsiderable share of beauty, and every Sunday dressed them in their cleanest skins and best attire.
Nature may b said to have taken pains to reveal her scheme of modification, by means o rudimentary organs, of embryological and homologous structures, but we ar too blind to understand her meaning.
Nature resisted it for a while.
Nay, had she been without his arm, she would soon have known that she needed it, for she wanted strength for a two hours' saunter of this kind, coming, as it generally did, upon a week's previous inactivity.
Nay, nay, I entreat you; for one moment put down your work.
Nay, we are told, and we must believe it, so overwhelming is the evidence, though many of our people scarcely can believe it, that even rich and powerful men, the masters of the poor devils aforesaid, submitted to live amidst sights and sounds and smells which it is in the very nature of man to abhor and flee from, in order that their riches might bolster up this supreme folly.
Near land, in sheltered harbours, in valleys, or over low ground, there is usually a marked diminution of wind during part of the night - and  dispersion of clouds.
Near the Line, or in equatorial places, the range is but a few tenths, except in storms, when it sometimes falls to twenty-seven inches.
Near the fountain were a few market stalls, with awnings over them of gay striped linen cloth, about which some people, mostly women and children, were moving quietly, looking at the goods exposed there.
Near to the winter fire sat a beautiful young girl, so like that last that Scrooge believed it was the same, until he saw her, now a comely matron, sitting opposite her daughter.
Nearly all our orchidaceou plants absolutely require the visits of insects to remove thei pollen-masses and thus to fertilise them.
Nearly all the plant experimented on by Gartner were potted, and were kept in a chamber in hi house.
Nearly half an hour had passed, and she was growing very comfortable, when suddenly the sound of a step in regular approach was heard; a heavy step, an unusual step in that part of the house: it was her uncle's; she knew it as well as his voice; she had trembled at it as often, and began to tremble again, at the idea of his coming up to speak to her, whatever might be the subject.
Nearly the same remarks are applicable, if we look to the different grade of organisation within the same great group; for instance, in th vertebrata, to the co-existence of mammals and fish - among mammalia, to th co-existence of man and the ornithorhynchus - among fishes, to the co existence of the shark and the lancelet (Amphioxus), which latter fish i the extreme simplicity of its structure approaches the invertebrat classes.
Nearly the same rules are followed as i classifying species.
Neither Hamlet, nor Macbeth, nor Othello, nor Douglas, nor The Gamester, presented anything that could satisfy even the tragedians; and The Rivals, The School for Scandal, Wheel of Fortune, Heir at Law, and a long et cetera, were successively dismissed with yet warmer objections.
Neither of these two formations occurs under an overcast sky, or when there is much wind.
Neither single species nor groups of species reappear whe the chain of ordinary generation is once broken.
Never did tone express indifference plainer.
Never had Fanny more wanted a cordial.
Never had she felt such a one as this letter contained.
Never mind.
Never.
Nevertheles these cases are only exaggerations of the common fact that the femal produces offspring of two sexes which sometimes differ from each other in  wonderful manner.
Nevertheless according to my view, varieties ar species in the process of formation, or are, as I have called them incipient species.
Nevertheless all living things have much in common in their chemical composition, their cellular structure, their laws o growth, and their liability to injurious influences.
Nevertheless the perfect fertility of s many domestic races, differing widely from each other in appearance, fo instance, those of the pigeon, or of the cabbage, is a remarkable fact more especially when we reflect how many species there are, which, thoug resembling each other most closely, are utterly sterile when intercrossed.
Nevertheless the simplicity of the view that each specie was first produced within a single region captivates the mind.
Nevertheless there is reason t believe that with all hermaphrodites two individuals, either occasionall or habitually, concur for the reproduction of their kind.
Nevertheless this impression is partly false.
Nevertheless we can see that if the stems of these plants had bee flexible, and if under the conditions to which they are exposed it ha profited them to ascend to a height, then the habit of slightly an irregularly revolving might have been increased and utilised throug natural selection, until they had become converted into well-develope twining species.
Nevertheless we may infer that this process, continued during centuries would improve and modify any breed, in the same way as Bakewell, Collins etc., by this very same process, only carried on more methodically, di greatly modify, even during their lifetimes, the forms and qualities o their cattle.
Nevertheless, I will here consider in some detail several of th cases advanced by Mr. Mivart, selecting those which are the mos illustrative, as want of space prevents me from considering all.
Nevertheless, a height of about 30 inches (at the level of the sea) with a continuance of it, is indicative of fine weather and moderate winds.
Nevertheless, as our varieties certainly d occasionally revert in some of their characters to ancestral forms, i seems to me not improbable that if we could succeed in naturalising, o were to cultivate, during many generations, the several races, fo instance, of the cabbage, in very poor soil - in which case, however, som effect would have to be attributed to the DEFINITE action of the poor soi  - that they would, to a large extent, or even wholly, revert to the wil aboriginal stock.
Nevertheless, it is conceivable that the genera pattern of an organ might become so much obscured as to be finally lost, b the reduction and ultimately by the complete abortion of certain parts, b the fusion of other parts, and by the doubling or multiplication of others variations which we know to be within the limits of possibility.
Nevertheless, lo and simple forms will long endure if well fitted for their simpl conditions of life.
Nevertheless, looking to  remotely future epoch, there can be little doubt that all the more moder MARINE formations, namely, the upper pliocene, the pleistocene and strictl modern beds of Europe, North and South America, and Australia, fro containing fossil remains in some degree allied, and from not includin those forms which are found only in the older underlying deposits, would b correctly ranked as simultaneous in a geological sense.
Nevertheless, n certain criterion can possibly be given by which variable forms, loca forms, sub species and representative species can be recognised.
Nevertheless, s profound is our ignorance, and so high our presumption, that we marvel whe we hear of the extinction of an organic being; and as we do not see th cause, we invoke cataclysms to desolate the world, or invent laws on th duration of the forms of life I am tempted to give one more instance showing how plants and animals remote in the scale of nature, are bound together by a web of comple relations.
Nevertheless, some of the species, both of those found in othe parts of the world and of those confined to the archipelago, are common t the several islands; and we may infer from the present manner o distribution that they have spread from one island to the others.
Nevertheless, such a conclusion, even if well founded would be unsatisfactory, until it could be shown how the innumerabl species, inhabiting this world have been modified, so as to acquire tha perfection of structure and coadaptation which justly excites ou admiration.
Nevertheless, the difficulty of assigning an good reason for the absence of vast piles of strata rich in fossils beneat the Cambrian system is very great.
Nevertheless, the naturalist, in travelling, fo instance, from north to south, never fails to be struck by the manner i which successive groups of beings, specifically distinct, though nearl related, replace each other.
Nevertheless, their genealogical ARRANGEMENT remains strictl true, not only at the present time, but at each successive period o descent.
Nevertheless, their importance has sometimes bee exaggerated, owing to the adaptive characters of larvae not having bee excluded; in order to show this, Fritz Muller arranged, by the aid of suc characters alone, the great class of crustaceans, and the arrangement di not prove a natural one.
Nevertheless, they do not pretend that they can define, or even conjecture which are the created forms of life, and which are those produced b secondary laws.
Nevertheless, thi difficulty, though appearing to our imagination insuperably great, canno be considered real if we admit the following propositions, namely, that al parts of the organisation and instincts offer, at least individua differences - that there is a struggle for existence leading to th preservation of profitable deviations of structure or instinct - and lastly, that gradations in the state of perfection of each organ may hav existed, each good of its kind.
Nevertheless, we ought, in th first place, to be extremely cautious in pretending to decide wha structures now are, or have formerly been, of use to each species.
New Zealand in its endemic plants is much more closely relate to Australia, the nearest mainland, than to any other region:  and this i what might have been expected; but it is also plainly related to Sout America, which, although the next nearest continent, is so enormousl remote, that the fact becomes an anomaly.
New Zealand possesses tw bats found nowhere else in the world:  Norfolk Island, the Vit Archipelago, the Bonin Islands, the Caroline and Marianne Archipelagoes and Mauritius, all possess their peculiar bats.
New Zealand, for instance with its lofty mountains and diversified stations, extending over 780 mile of latitude, together with the outlying islands of Auckland, Campbell an Chatham, contain altogether only 960 kinds of flowering plants; if w compare this moderate number with the species which swarm over equal area in Southwestern Australia or at the Cape of Good Hope, we must admit tha some cause, independently of different physical conditions, has given ris to so great a difference in number.
New and improved varieties will inevitably supplant an exterminate the older, less improved and intermediate varieties; and thu species are rendered to a large extent defined and distinct objects.
New specie are formed by having some advantage over older forms; and the forms, whic are already dominant, or have some advantage over the other forms in thei own country, give birth to the greatest number of new varieties o incipient species.
New species have appeared very slowly, one after another, both on the lan and in the waters.
New species have come on the stage slowly an at successive intervals; and the amount of change after equal intervals o time, is widely different in different groups.
Next day the Admiral was observed in the parish church, very properly dressed.
Next day the report went abroad that Mr. Richard was reconciled to his father and had been taken home to Naseby House.
Next to your happiness, Fanny, his has the first claim on me.
Nice girl! Very.
No Bob.
No air is within the tube.
No bad weather ever comes on our coasts without timely warning being given by the barometer.
No beggars implored him to bestow a trifle, no children asked him what it was o'clock, no man or woman ever once in all his life inquired the way to such and such a place, of Scrooge.
No breeder doubts how strong is the tendency t inheritance; that like produces like is his fundamental belief:  doubt have been thrown on this principle only by theoretical writers.
No candle was now wanted.
No case is on record of a variable organism ceasing t vary under cultivation.
No change, no degradation, no perversion of humanity, in any grade, through all the mysteries of wonderful creation, has monsters half so horrible and dread.
No cold prudence for me.
No complex instinct can possibly be produced through natural selection except by the slow and gradual accumulation of numerous, slight, ye profitable, variations.
No country can be named in which all th native inhabitants are now so perfectly adapted to each other and to th physical conditions under which they live, that none of them could be stil better adapted or improved; for in all countries, the natives have been s far conquered by naturalised productions that they have allowed som foreigners to take firm possession of the land.
No doubt I looked a little shy of him under the influence of that doubt as to his sanity.
No doubt it is a very surprising fact that characters should reappear afte having been lost for many, probably for hundreds of generations.
No doubt it is handsomer than mine, and fitter for a ballroom.
No doubt it is possible, as Mr. G.H. Lewes has urged, that a the first commencement of life many different forms were evolved; but i so, we may conclude that only a very few have left modified descendants.
No doubt many instincts of very difficult explanation could be opposed t the theory of natural selection - cases, in which we cannot see how a instinct could have originated; cases, in which no intermediate gradation are known to exist; cases of instincts of such trifling importance, tha they could hardly have been acted on by natural selection; cases o instincts almost identically the same in animals so remote in the scale o nature that we cannot account for their similarity by inheritance from  common progenitor, and consequently must believe that they wer independently acquired through natural selection.
No doubt organic beings, like all othe objects, can be classed in many ways, either artificially by singl characters, or more naturally by a number of characters.
No doubt th definite action of changed conditions, and the various causes o modifications, lately specified, have all produced an effect, probably  great effect, independently of any advantage thus gained.
No doubt the strawberry had always varied since it was cultivated, but th slight varieties had been neglected.
No doubt, as Mr. Wallace has remarked with much truth a limit will be at last reached.
No fog, no mist; clear, bright, jovial, stirring, cold; cold, piping for the blood to dance to; Golden sunlight; Heavenly sky; sweet fresh air; merry bells.
No geologis feels any difficulty in Great Britain possessing the same quadrupeds wit the rest of Europe, for they were no doubt once united.
No geologist disputes that great mutations of leve have occurred within the period of existing organisms.
No happiness of son or niece could make her wish the marriage.
No let us suppose that the ancient progenitor of our European cuckoo had th habits of the American cuckoo, and that she occasionally laid an egg i another bird's nest.
No long ago, palaeontologists maintained that the whole class of birds cam suddenly into existence during the eocene period; but now we know, on th authority of Professor Owen, that a bird certainly lived during th deposition of the upper greensand; and still more recently, that strang bird, the Archeopteryx, with a long lizard-like tail, bearing a pair o feathers on each joint, and with its wings furnished with two free claws has been discovered in the oolitic slates of Solenhofen.
No look or word was given.
No man of any brain can open at a good part of one of his plays without falling into the flow of his meaning immediately.
No man would ever try to make a fantail till he saw a pigeon with a tai developed in some slight degree in an unusual manner, or a pouter till h saw a pigeon with a crop of somewhat unusual size; and the more abnormal o unusual any character was when it first appeared, the more likely it woul be to catch his attention.
No matter what, so that something is chosen.
No naturalist pretends that all the species of a genus are equall distinct from each other; they may generally be divided into sub-genera, o sections, or lesser groups.
No objection was made, but for some time there seemed no inclination to move in any plan, or to any distance.
No on has drawn any clear distinction between individual differences and sligh varieties; or between more plainly marked varieties and subspecies an species.
No on objects to agriculturists speaking of the potent effects of man' selection; and in this case the individual differences given by nature which man for some object selects, must of necessity first occur.
No on supposes that the stripes on the whelp of a lion, or the spots on the youn blackbird, are of any use to these animals.
No on will deny that the Hipparion is intermediate between the existing horse an certain other ungulate forms.
No one I believe, has suspected that these varieties of maize are distinc species; and it is important to notice that the hybrid plants thus raise were themselves PERFECTLY fertile; so that even Gartner did not venture t consider the two varieties as specifically distinct.
No one but you can tell me them.
No one can feel more sensibl than I do of the necessity of hereafter publishing in detail all the facts with references, on which my conclusions have been grounded; and I hope i a future work to do this.
No one can hav marvelled more than I have done at the extinction of species.
No one can make you like him, but don't disgrace him in his own eyes.
No one can tell till h tries, whether any particular animal will breed under confinement, or an exotic plant seed freely under culture; nor can he tell till he tries whether any two species of a genus will produce more or less steril hybrids.
No one definition has satisfied al naturalists; yet every naturalist knows vaguely what he means when h speaks of a species.
No one ever had more ampl materials for the discrimination of the species, or could have worked o them with more zeal and sagacity.
No one has been able to point out what kind or what amount of difference in any recognisable character, is sufficient to prevent two specie crossing.
No one here can call the office nothing.
No one interfered to encourage or dissuade.
No one not living in water could conceive the idea of time, how much less of a clock! Examine your hypothesis (said the Clockmakerists) and it comes to this; a creature that lives in water living out of water! Can reasonable animalculae amuse themselves with such absurdities? And granting the impossible - granting (for the sake of argument) that life and thought exist beyond the walls of the caraffe - why does not the Clockmaker declare himself?.
No one ought to feel surprise at much remaining as yet unexplained i regard to the origin of species and varieties, if he make due allowance fo our profound ignorance in regard to the mutual relations of the many being which live around us.
No one regard the external similarity of a mouse to a shrew, of a dugong to a whale, of  whale to a fish, as of any importance.
No one supposes that al the individuals of the same species are cast in the same actual mould.
No one supposes that our choicest productions hav been produced by a single variation from the aboriginal stock.
No one unburdened with very heavy anxieties could have felt otherwise than happy that morning: and it must be said that whatever anxieties might lie beneath the surface of things, we didn't seem to come across any of them.
No one unti lately would have imagined that in dimorphic and trimorphic plants th different lengths of the stamens and pistils, and their arrangement, coul have been of any service, but now we know this to be the case.
No one was so delighted as the Admiral.
No one will disput that the rudimentary teeth in the upper jaws of young ruminants, an certain rudimentary bones of the leg, are highly serviceable in exhibitin the close affinity between Ruminants and Pachyderms.
No one will dispute that instincts are o the highest importance to each animal.
No one would ever expect to get a first-rate heartsease o dahlia from the seed of a wild plant.
No one would ever have thought of teaching, or probably could hav taught, the tumbler-pigeon to tumble - an action which, as I have witnessed is performed by young birds, that have never seen a pigeon tumble.
No one would expect to raise  first-rate melting pear from the seed of a wild pear, though he migh succeed from a poor seedling growing wild, if it had come from  garden-stock.
No organ will be formed, as Paley ha remarked, for the purpose of causing pain or for doing an injury to it possessor.
No organism wholly soft ca be preserved.
No other adjustment for portability is required.
No other man would have thought of it.
No pain, no injury, however, was designed by him to his cousin in this offer: she was not to lose a day's exercise by it.
No physiologist doubts that a stomach b being adapted to digest vegetable matter alone, or flesh alone, draws mos nutriment from these substances.
No sooner were the soldiers drawn up aforesaid than, says an eye-witness, 'a glittering officer on horseback came prancing out from the ranks on the south, and read something from a paper which he held in his hand; which something, very few heard; but I was told afterwards that it was an order for us to disperse, and a warning that he had legal right to fire on the crowd else, and that he would do so.
No such time as you allude to will ever come.
No the saving of a large and complex structure, when rendered superfluous would be a decided advantage to each successive individual of the species for in the struggle for life to which every animal is exposed, each woul have a better chance of supporting itself, by less nutriment being wasted.
No this bird must often have flown with its stomach thus well stocked t distant ponds, and, then getting a hearty meal of fish, analogy makes m believe that it would have rejected the seeds in the pellet in a fit stat for germination.
No want of understrappers: my sister desires her love, and hopes to be admitted into the company, and will be happy to take the part of any old duenna or tame confidante, that you may not like to do yourselves.
No warmth could warm, no wintry weather chill him.
No wind that blew was bitterer than he, no falling snow was more intent upon its purpose, no pelting rain less open to entreaty.
No wonder that, as soon as the land was enclosed, it becam thickly clothed with vigorously growing young firs.
No wonder.
No, I can safely say, I have no pleasure so complete, so unalloyed.
No, I do him justice now.
No, I see no finery about you; nothing but what is perfectly proper.
No, I will not do her any harm, dear little soul! only want her to look kindly on me, to give me smiles as well as blushes, to keep a chair for me by herself wherever we are, and be all animation when I take it and talk to her; to think as I think, be interested in all my possessions and pleasures, try to keep me longer at Mansfield, and feel when I go away that she shall be never happy again.
No, Mary, you are quite mistaken.
No, hers is not a cruel nature.
No, in her uncle's house there would have been a consideration of times and seasons, a regulation of subject, a propriety, an attention towards everybody which there was not here.
No, indeed, I cannot act.
No, my plan is to make Fanny Price in love with me.
No, no, sir, hands off, hands off.
No, nor did he believe it even now.
No.
No; many people study facts about the make of things and the matters of cause and effect, so that knowledge increases on us, if that be good; and some, as you heard about friend Bob yonder, will spend time over mathematics.
No; you must excuse me; I cannot retract my consent; it is too far settled, everybody would be so disappointed, Tom would be quite angry; and if we are so very nice, we shall never act anything.
Nobody can wonder that men are soldiers and sailors.
Nobody is fonder of the exercise of talent in young people, or promotes it more, than my father, and for anything of the acting, spouting, reciting kind, I think he has always a decided taste.
Nobody meant to be unkind, but nobody put themselves out of their way to secure her comfort.
Nobody that wishes me well, I am sure, would propose it.
Nobody under the bed; nobody in the closet; nobody in his dressing-gown, which was hanging up in a suspicious attitude against the wall.
Nobody under the table, nobody under the sofa; a small fire in the grate; spoon and basin ready; and the little saucepan of gruel (Scrooge had a cold in his head) upon the hob.
Nobody was afoot in the house as then, however, so I went out a-doors, and after a turn or two round the superabundant garden, I wandered down over the meadow to the river-side, where lay our boat, looking quite familiar and friendly to me.
Nobody was in their right place, nothing was done as it ought to be.
Nobody wonders that they should prefer the line where their friends can serve them best, or suspects them to be less in earnest in it than they appear.
None can get in.
None of the others paid much heed to us.
None such had occurred since his seeing her in her uncle's room, none such might occur again before his leaving Mansfield.
Nor can I see an insuperable difficulty in further believing it possible that th membrane-connected fingers and fore-arm of the Galeopithecus might hav been greatly lengthened by natural selection; and this, as far as th organs of flight are concerned, would have converted the animal into a bat.
Nor can I tell you what I would.
Nor can I think it wrong that it should.
Nor can it be pretended that it is an immutable law tha marsupials should have been chiefly or solely produced in Australia; o that Edentata and other American types should have been solely produced i South America.
Nor can organic beings, even if they were at any one tim perfectly adapted to their conditions of life, have remained so, when thei conditions changed, unless they themselves likewise changed; and no on will dispute that the physical conditions of each country, as well as th number and kinds of its inhabitants, have undergone many mutations.
Nor can the existing species descended from  be ranked in the same genus with the parent A, or those from I with paren I. But the existing genus F14 may be supposed to have been but slightl modified, and it will then rank with the parent genus F; just as some fe still living organisms belong to Silurian genera.
Nor can this be thought very improbable; for w often observe great differences in the natural tendencies of our domesti animals; one cat, for instance, taking to catch rats, another mice; on cat, according to Mr. St.
Nor could he think of any one immediately connected with himself, to whom he could apply them.
Nor could it have been destroyed otherwise; except, perhaps, by the whole of society gradually falling into lower depths, till it should at last reach a condition as rude as barbarism, but lacking both the hope and the pleasures of barbarism.
Nor did she offer him her hand.
Nor do I believ that any great physical change, as of climate, or any unusual degree o isolation, to check immigration, is necessary in order that new an unoccupied places should be left for natural selection to fill up b improving some of the varying inhabitants.
Nor do I pretend tha the foregoing remarks go to the root of the matter:  no explanation i offered why an organism, when placed under unnatural conditions, i rendered sterile.
Nor do I suppose that the most divergent varietie are invariably preserved:  a medium form may often long endure, and may o may not produce more than one modified descendant; for natural selectio will always act according to the nature of the places which are eithe unoccupied or not perfectly occupied by other beings; and this will depen on infinitely complex relations.
Nor does geology at all lead to th belief that most fishes formerly possessed electric organs, which thei modified descendants have now lost.
Nor does the almost universally volcanic composition of suc islands favour the admission that they are the wrecks of sunken continents if they had originally existed as continental mountain ranges, some a least of the islands would have been formed, like other mountain summits of granite, metamorphic schists, old fossiliferous and other rocks, instea of consisting of mere piles of volcanic matter.
Nor does there seem to me any great difficulty in  single insect (as in the case of a queen-wasp) making hexagonal cells, i she were to work alternately on the inside and outside of two or thre cells commenced at the same time, always standing at the proper relativ distance from the parts of the cells just begun, sweeping spheres o cylinders, and building up intermediate planes.
Nor have I been disappointed; in this and in al other perplexing cases I have invariably found that our knowledge imperfect though it be, of variation under domestication, afforded the bes and safest clue.
Nor have we an right to suppose that the seas of the world have always been so freely ope from south to north as they are at present.
Nor is it meant that th species in such genera have, on an average, a very wide range; for thi will largely depend on how far the process of modification has gone; fo instance, two varieties of the same species inhabit America and Europe, an thus the species has an immense range; but, if variation were to be carrie a little further, the two varieties would be ranked as distinct species and their range would be greatly reduced.
Nor is it surprisin that the facility of effecting a first cross, and the fertility of th hybrids thus produced, and the capacity of being grafted together - thoug this latter capacity evidently depends on widely differen circumstances - should all run, to a certain extent, parallel with th systematic affinity of the forms subjected to experiment; for systemati affinity includes resemblances of all kinds.
Nor is their rarity surprising, when we remember how large  proportion of the bones of tertiary mammals have been discovered either i caves or in lacustrine deposits; and that not a cave or true lacustrine be is known belonging to the age of our secondary or palaeozoic formations.
Nor is there the least reason to doub that each step in this scale might have been as serviceable to certai ancient Cetaceans, with the functions of the parts slowly changing durin the progress of development, as are the gradations in the beaks of th different existing members of the duck-family.
Nor is thi almost universal and perfect fertility surprising, when it is remembere how liable we are to argue in a circle with respect to varieties in a stat of nature; and when we remember that the greater number of varieties hav been produced under domestication by the selection of mere externa differences, and that they have not been long exposed to uniform condition of life.
Nor is this at all improbable considering the almost infinite number of surrounding objects and th diversity in form and colour of the hosts of insects which exist.
Nor let it be suppose that differences in the constitution of seedling kidney-beans never appear for an account has been published how much more hardy some seedlings ar than others; and of this fact I have myself observed striking instances.
Nor let it be thought that some great deviation of structure would b necessary to catch the fancier's eye:  he perceives extremely smal differences, and it is in human nature to value any novelty, howeve slight, in one's own possession.
Nor must the value which would formerl have been set on any slight differences in the individuals of the sam species, be judged of by the value which is now set on them, after severa breeds have fairly been established.
Nor must we overlook the fact, that increased bul would act as a protection against almost all beasts of prey excepting th lion; and against this animal, its tall neck - and the taller the better - would, as Mr. Chauncey Wright has remarked, serve as a watch-tower.
Nor must you be fancying that the invitation is meant as any particular compliment to you; the compliment is intended to your uncle and aunt and me.
Nor ought w to think that the occasional destruction of an animal of any particula colour would produce little effect; we should remember how essential it i in a flock of white sheep to destroy a lamb with the faintest trace o black.
Nor ought we to marvel if all th contrivances in nature be not, as far as we can judge, absolutely perfect as in the case even of the human eye; or if some of them be abhorrent t our ideas of fitness.
Nor shall I here discuss the various definitions which hav been given of the term species.
Nor should it be forgotten, as before explained, that A might be the actua progenitor of B and C, and yet would not necessarily be strictl intermediate between them in all respects.
Nor should it be forgotten, when we look to the special parts o allied species, instead of to distinct species, that numerous an wonderfully fine gradations can be traced, connecting together widel different structures.
Nor should we be justified in assuming that if, fo instance, the bed of the Pacific Ocean were now converted into a continen we should there find sedimentary formations, in recognisable condition older than the Cambrian strata, supposing such to have been formerl deposited; for it might well happen that strata which had subsided som miles nearer to the centre of the earth, and which had been pressed on b an enormous weight of superincumbent water, might have undergone far mor metamorphic action than strata which have always remained nearer to th surface.
Nor was it more retentive of its ancient state, within; for entering the dreary hall, and glancing through the open doors of many rooms, they found them poorly furnished, cold, and vast.
Nor was it that the figs were moist and pulpy, or that the French plums blushed in modest tartness from their highly-decorated boxes, or that everything was good to eat and in its Christmas dress; but the customers were all so hurried and so eager in the hopeful promise of the day, that they tumbled up against each other at the door, crashing their wicker baskets wildly, and left their purchases upon the counter, and came running back to fetch them, and committed hundreds of the like mistakes, in the best humour possible; while the Grocer and his people were so frank and fresh that the polished hearts with which they fastened their aprons behind might have been their own, worn outside for general inspection, and for Christmas daws to peck at if they chose.
Nor was that wonderful: for looking around them they saw the huge mass of the oppressed classes too much burdened with the misery of their lives, and too much overwhelmed by the selfishness of misery, to be able to form a conception of any escape from it except by the ordinary way prescribed by the system of slavery under which they lived; which was nothing more than a remote chance of climbing out of the oppressed into the oppressing class.
Nor was this all.
Nor will the closest inspection of a formation give us any idea of th length of time which its deposition may have consumed.
Nor will thi surprise any one who reflects how ignorant we are on this head, even i regard to mankind, although so incomparably better known than any othe animal.
Norfolk was what he had mostly to talk of: there he had been some time, and everything there was rising in importance from his present schemes.
North America formerly partook strongly o the present character of the southern half of the continent; and th southern half was formerly more closely allied, than it is at present, t the northern half.
North, again, the land runs up high, and there is an agreeable and well-built town called Hampstead, which fitly ends London on that side.
Not a few of them actually died of the worry; many committed suicide.
Not a hope of imposition or mistake was harboured anywhere.
Not a latent echo in the house, not a squeak and scuffle from the mice behind the panelling, not a drip from the half-thawed water-spout in the dull yard behind, not a sigh among the leafless boughs of one despondent poplar, not the idle swinging of an empty store-house door, no, not a clicking in the fire, but fell upon the heart of Scrooge with a softening influence, and gave a freer passage to his tears.
Not a look or an offer of help had Fanny given; not a syllable for or against.
Not a tolerable woman's part in the play.
Not a vestige of it was to be seen.
Not all her precautions, however, could save her from being suspected of something better; or, perhaps, her very display of the importance of a spare room might have misled Sir Thomas to suppose it really intended for Fanny.
Not all his good-will for Mr. Rushworth, not all Mr. Rushworth's deference for him, could prevent him from soon discerning some part of the truth -  that Mr. Rushworth was an inferior young man, as ignorant in business as in books, with opinions in general unfixed, and without seeming much aware of it himself.
Not another cigar, not another grog, not another percentage out of me.
Not considering in how different a circle she had been just seeing him, nor how much might be owing to contrast, she was quite persuaded of his being astonishingly more gentle and regardful of others than formerly.
Not even Fanny had tears for aunt Norris, not even when she was gone for ever.
Not heard of them! thought I to myself.
Not in one case out o a hundred can we pretend to assign any reason why this or that part ha varied.
Not less acutely was it felt by Fanny, who had edged back her chair behind her aunt's end of the sofa, and, screened from notice herself, saw all that was passing before her.
Not many of th strictly littoral animals, or of those which lived on naked submarin rocks, would be embedded; and those embedded in gravel or sand would no endure to a distant epoch.
Not one man in a thousand has accuracy of eye an judgment sufficient to become an eminent breeder.
Not one of our domestic animals can b named which has not in some country drooping ears; and the view which ha been suggested that the drooping is due to disuse of the muscles of th ear, from the animals being seldom much alarmed, seems probable.
Not only are reliable weather-glasses required at the smaller outlying ports and fishing places, but plain, easily intelligible directions for using them should be accessible to the seafaring population, so that the masters of small vessels, and fishermen might be forewarned of coming changes in time to prepare for them and thus become instrumental in saving much property and man lives.
Not only at home did her value increase, but at the Parsonage too.
Not only hav many fresh-water species, belonging to different classes, an enormou range, but allied species prevail in a remarkable manner throughout th world.
Not so much in obedience, as in surprise and fear: for on the raising of the hand, he became sensible of confused noises in the air; incoherent sounds of lamentation and regret; wailings inexpressibly sorrowful and self-accusatory.
Not so, however.
Not tha under nature the relations will ever be as simple as this.
Not that I care; I am an old Bohemian.
Not that i suffices to study the Principles of Geology, or to read special treatise by different observers on separate formations, and to mark how each autho attempts to give an inadequate idea of the duration of each formation, o even of each stratum.
Not that she was incommoded by many fears of Sir Thomas's disapprobation when the present state of his house should be known, for her judgment had been so blinded that, except by the instinctive caution with which she had whisked away Mr. Rushworth's pink satin cloak as her brother-in-law entered, she could hardly be said to shew any sign of alarm; but she was vexed by the manner of his return.
Not that that matters, I've heaps of things to say.
Not that we would have endangered his safety by any tremendous weather -  but only by a steady contrary wind, or a calm.
Not the curtains at his feet, nor the curtains at his back, but those to which his face was addressed.
Not to excite suspicion by her look or manner was now an object worth attaining; and she felt equal to almost anything that might save her from her aunt Norris.
Not to know that any Christian spirit working kindly in its little sphere, whatever it may be, will find its mortal life too short for its vast means of usefulness.
Not until we reach the extrem confines of life, in the Arctic regions or on the borders of an utte desert, will competition cease.
Not very long ago M. Barrande added another and lowe stage, abounding with new and peculiar species, beneath the then know Silurian system; and now, still lower down in the Lower Cambrian formation Mr Hicks has found South Wales beds rich in trilobites, and containin various molluscs and annelids.
Not, indeed, that there was anything startling in what she actually said or did; but it was all done in a new way, and always with that indefinable interest and pleasure of life, which I had noticed more or less in everybody, but which in her was more marked and more charming than in anyone else that I had seen.
Nothing a first can appear more difficult to believe than that the more comple organs and instincts have been perfected, not by means superior to, thoug analogous with, human reason, but by the accumulation of innumerable sligh variations, each good for the individual possessor.
Nothing but buffoonery from beginning to end.
Nothing can be easier than to define a number of characters common to al birds; but with crustaceans, any such definition has hitherto been foun impossible.
Nothing can be easier.
Nothing can be made except for genuine use; therefore no inferior goods are made.
Nothing can be more false.
Nothing can be more hopeless than to attempt to explain this similarity o pattern in members of the same class, by utility or by the doctrine o final causes.
Nothing could be heartier.
Nothing could be more improper than the whole business.
Nothing could be objected to when it came under the discussion of the neighbourhood, except that the carriage which conveyed the bride and bridegroom and Julia from the church-door to Sotherton was the same chaise which Mr. Rushworth had used for a twelvemonth before.
Nothing ever fatigues me but doing what I do not like.
Nothing happened the next day, or the next, to weaken her terrors.
Nothing impresses the mind with th vast duration of time, according to our ideas of time, more forcibly tha the conviction thus gained that subaerial agencies, which apparently hav so little power, and which seem to work so slowly, have produced grea results.
Nothing is easier than t admit in words the truth of the universal struggle for life, or mor difficult - at least I found it so - than constantly to bear this conclusio in mind.
Nothing is more easy than to tame an animal, and few thing more difficult than to get it to breed freely under confinement, even whe the male and female unite.
Nothing loth, I drank, for I was thirsty with the hot day; and thinks I, I am yet in the world, and the grapes of the Rhine have not yet lost their flavour; for if ever I drank good Steinberg, I drank it that morning; and I made a mental note to ask Dick how they managed to make fine wine when there were no longer labourers compelled to drink rot-gut instead of the fine wine which they themselves made.
Nothing loth, we went with him, and Clara took his hand in a coaxing way which I noticed she used with old men; and as we went on our way, made some commonplace remark about the beauty of the day.
Nothing of all that she had been used to think of as the proof of importance, or the employment of wealth, had brought him to Portsmouth.
Nothing of this would have happened had she been properly considered; but she had been left four days together without any choice of companions or exercise, and without any excuse for avoiding whatever her unreasonable aunts might require.
Nothing remained of last night but remembrances, which she had nobody to share in.
Nothing was fixed on; but Henry Crawford was full of ideas and projects, and, generally speaking, whatever he proposed was immediately approved, first by her, and then by Mr. Rushworth, whose principal business seemed to be to hear the others, and who scarcely risked an original thought of his own beyond a wish that they had seen his friend Smith's place.
Nothing was omitted, on his side, of civility, compliment, or kindness, that might assist the plan.
Nothing would satisfy that good old Mrs. Whitaker, but my taking one of the cheeses.
Notwithstanding such modifications, we migh expect still to see in the cave-animals of America, affinities to the othe inhabitants of that continent, and in those of Europe to the inhabitants o the European continent.
Notwithstanding this general parallelism in the condition of Old and New Worlds, how widely different are their living productions In the southern hemisphere, if we compare large tracts of land i Australia, South Africa, and western South America, between latitudes 2 and 35 degrees, we shall find parts extremely similar in all thei conditions, yet it would not be possible to point out three faunas an floras more utterly dissimilar.
Notwithstanding this similarity of pattern, it is obvious that th hind feet of these several animals are used for as widely differen purposes as it is possible to conceive.
November was the black month fixed for his return.
Now Fanny could not bring herself to speak, and Miss Crawford was disappointed; for she had hoped to hear some pleasant assurance of her power from one who she thought must know, and her spirits were clouded again.
Now Fries has remarked in regar to plants, and Westwood in regard to insects, that in large genera th amount of difference between the species is often exceedingly small.
Now I can manage the other parcel and the basket very well.
Now I have shown, and the result has been confirmed by othe observers, that in order to obtain full fertility with these plants, it i necessary that the stigma of the one form should be fertilised by polle taken from the stamens of corresponding height in another form.
Now I leave you.
Now I may say that even I could not require William Price to excite a greater interest, or be followed by warmer wishes and higher commendation, than were most voluntarily bestowed by my uncle after the evening they had passed together.
Now I think no one will dispute tha the ovigerous frena in the one family are strictly homologous with th branchiae of the other family; indeed, they graduate into each other.
Now I wa curious to ascertain whether F. sanguinea could distinguish the pupae of F. fusca, which they habitually make into slaves, from those of the little an furious F. flava, which they rarely capture, and it was evident that the did at once distinguish them; for we have seen that they eagerly an instantly seized the pupae of F. fusca, whereas they were much terrifie when they came across the pupae, or even the earth from the nest, of F. flava, and quickly ran away; but in about a quarter of an hour, shortl after all the little yellow ants had crawled away, they took heart an carried off the pupae.
Now I, you see, find an inn so very near my own home, and my first thought is my neighbours.
Now although natural selection may well have had the power to preven some of the flowers from expanding, and to reduce the amount of pollen when rendered by the closure of the flowers superfluous, yet hardly any o the above special modifications can have been thus determined, but mus have followed from the laws of growth, including the functional inactivit of parts, during the progress of the reduction of the pollen and th closure of the flowers.
Now at last we see the full use of every part of the flower of the water-secreting horns of the bucket half-full of water, whic prevents the bees from flying away, and forces them to crawl out throug the spout, and rub against the properly placed viscid pollen-masses and th viscid stigma.
Now bees, as may be clearly seen by examining the edge of a growing comb do make a rough, circumferential wall or rim all round the comb; and the gnaw this away from the opposite sides, always working circularly as the deepen each cell.
Now do not be suspecting me of a pun, I entreat.
Now do not make yourself uneasy with any queer fancies because he has been spending a few days at Richmond.
Now do these complex and singular rules indicate that species have bee endowed with sterility simply to prevent their becoming confounded i nature?  I think not.
Now everything was smiling.
Now for it.
Now for my soliloquy.
Now if a member of one of thes persecuted and rare groups were to assume a dress so like that of a well protected species that it continually deceived the practised eyes of a entomologist, it would often deceive predaceous birds and insects, and thu often escape destruction.
Now if we look to the species whic inhabit the Galapagos Archipelago, and are likewise found in other parts o the world, we find that they differ considerably in the several islands.
Now it is notorious that land-shells are easily killed b sea-water; their eggs, at least such as I have tried, sink in it and ar killed.
Now it seems nothing; yet it is an heavy aggravation.
Now it was languor, and all but solitude.
Now let us see ho this principle of benefit being derived from divergence of character combined with the principles of natural selection and of extinction, tend to act.
Now let us see whether Mr. Croll's conclusion that when the norther hemisphere suffered from the extreme cold of the great Glacial period, th southern hemisphere was actually warmer, throws any clear light on th present apparently inexplicable distribution of various organisms in th temperate parts of both hemispheres, and on the mountains of the tropics.
Now let us suppose the mocking-thrush of Chatham Island t be blown to Charles Island, which has its own mocking-thrush; why should i succeed in establishing itself there?  We may safely infer that Charle Island is well stocked with its own species, for annually more eggs ar laid and young birds hatched than can possibly be reared; and we may infe that the mocking-thrush peculiar to Charles Island is at least as wel fitted for its home as is the species peculiar to Chatham Island.
Now let us turn to nature.
Now let us turn to our richest museums, and what a paltry display w behold!   That our collections are imperfect is admitted by every one.
Now let us turn to the effects of crossing the several species of the hors genus.
Now let us turn to the other side of the argument.
Now let us turn to the results arrived at by a third most experience hybridiser, namely, the Hon.
Now look at the Galeopithecus or so-called flying lemur, which was formerl ranked among bats, but is now believed to belong to the Insectivora.
Now observe the case of the several breeds of pigeons: they are descended from a pigeon (including two or three sub-species o geographical races) of a bluish colour, with certain bars and other marks and when any breed assumes by simple variation a bluish tint, these bar and other marks invariably reappear; but without any other change of for or character.
Now she is dependent, helpless, friendless, neglected, forgotten.
Now she was angry.
Now so long divided from everybody who knew the place, she felt it quite the voice of a friend when he mentioned it, and led the way to her fond exclamations in praise of its beauties and comforts, and by his honourable tribute to its inhabitants allowed her to gratify her own heart in the warmest eulogium, in speaking of her uncle as all that was clever and good, and her aunt as having the sweetest of all sweet tempers.
Now some of these birds, when mature, differ in so extraordinary a manner i the length and form of beak, and in other characters, that they woul certainly have been ranked as distinct genera if found in a state o nature.
Now such differences ar intelligible, and might even have been expected, on the supposition tha species belonging to distinct families had slowly become adapted to liv more and more out of water, and to breathe the air.
Now the fertility of first crosses and of the hybrids produced from them, is largely governed by thei systematic affinity.
Now the varyin conditions to which domesticated animals and cultivated plants have bee subjected, have had so little tendency towards modifying the reproductiv system in a manner leading to mutual sterility, that we have good ground for admitting the directly opposite doctrine of Pallas, namely, that suc conditions generally eliminate this tendency; so that the domesticate descendants of species, which in their natural state probably would hav been in some degree sterile when crossed, become perfectly fertil together.
Now they came to an understanding.
Now we are coming to the lodge-gates; but we have nearly a mile through the park still.
Now wha special difficulty would there be in natural selection preserving all th slight individual variations in the shape of the beak, which were bette and better adapted to break open the seeds, until a beak was formed, a well constructed for this purpose as that of the nuthatch, at the same tim that habit, or compulsion, or spontaneous variations of taste, led the bir to become more and more of a seed-eater?  In this case the beak is suppose to be slowly modified by natural selection, subsequently to, but i accordance with, slowly changing habits or taste; but let the feet of th titmouse vary and grow larger from correlation with the beak, or from an other unknown cause, and it is not improbable that such larger feet woul lead the bird to climb more and more until it acquired the remarkabl climbing instinct and power of the nuthatch.
Now when the latter arise from the summit of  spine they form, in fact, a rude tridactyle pedicellariae, and such may b seen on the same spine together with the three lower branches.
Now you have been the death of me.
Now you see what it all comes to.
Now, I must apply to you for information.
Now, Mr. Bertram, if you write to your brother, I entreat you to tell him that my harp is come: he heard so much of my misery about it.
Now, all these modifie descendants from a single species are related in blood or descent in th same degree.
Now, at Sotherton we have a good seven hundred, without reckoning the water meadows; so that I think, if so much could be done at Compton, we need not despair.
Now, being prepared for almost anything, he was not by any means prepared for nothing; and, consequently, when the Bell struck One, and no shape appeared, he was taken with a violent fit of trembling.
Now, dear guest, let me tell you that our present parliament would be hard to house in one place, because the whole people is our parliament.
Now, hardly any cases have bee ascertained with certainty of hybrids from two quite distinct species o animals being perfectly fertile.
Now, here are my sister Price's children; take them all together, I dare say nobody would believe what a sum they cost Sir Thomas every year, to say nothing of what I do for them.
Now, hybrids in the firs generation are descended from species (excluding those long cultivated which have not had their reproductive systems in any way affected, and the are not variable; but hybrids themselves have their reproductive system seriously affected, and their descendants are highly variable.
Now, if an insect, undergoin transformations like those of the Sitaris, were to become the progenitor o a whole new class of insects, the course of development of the new clas would be widely different from that of our existing insects; and the firs larval stage certainly would not represent the former condition of an adult and ancient form.
Now, if any slight innate change of habit or of structur benefited an individual wolf, it would have the best chance of survivin and of leaving offspring.
Now, if it had been of an advantage to thi species to have laid eggs even smaller than those now laid, so as to hav deceived certain foster-parents, or, as is more probable, to have bee hatched within a shorter period (for it is asserted that there is  relation between the size of eggs and the period of their incubation), the there is no difficulty in believing that a race or species might have bee formed which would have laid smaller and smaller eggs; for these would hav been more safely hatched and reared.
Now, if nature had to make the beak of  full-grown pigeon very short for the bird's own advantage, the process o modification would be very slow, and there would be simultaneously the mos rigorous selection of all the young birds within the egg, which had th most powerful and hardest beaks, for all with weak beaks would inevitabl perish:  or, more delicate and more easily broken shells might be selected the thickness of the shell being known to vary like every other structure.
Now, if we look at a terrestrial globe, w see under the Polar Circle that there is almost continuous land fro western Europe through Siberia, to eastern America.
Now, if we may trust these facts and inferences, an conclude that varieties linking two other varieties together generally hav existed in lesser numbers than the forms which they connect, then we ca understand why intermediate varieties should not endure for very lon periods:  why, as a general rule, they should be exterminated an disappear, sooner than the forms which they originally linked together.
Now, in certain orchids similar viscid matter is secreted, but i much larger quantities by one alone of the three stigmas; and this stigma perhaps in consequence of the copious secretion, is rendered sterile.
Now, in every one of the domesti breeds, taking thoroughly well-bred birds, all the above marks, even to th white edging of the outer tail-feathers, sometimes concur perfectl developed.
Now, in parts of Natal it is believed by som farmers, though on insufficient evidence, that injurious seeds ar introduced into their grass-land in the dung left by the great flights o locusts which often visit that country.
Now, in the process of artificial fertilisation pollen is as often taken by chance (as I know from my own experience) fro the anthers of another flower, as from the anthers of the flower itsel which is to be fertilised; so that a cross between two flowers, thoug probably often on the same plant, would be thus effected.
Now, in this same catalogue, fifty-thre acknowledged varieties are recorded, and these range over 7.7 provinces whereas, the species to which these varieties belong range over 14.
Now, it is a fact, that there was nothing at all particular about the knocker on the door, except that it was very large.
Now, it is scarcely possible for insects to fly fro flower to flower, and not to carry pollen from one to the other, to th great good of the plant.
Now, let us apply these two principles to species in a state of nature.
Now, let us suppose tha the juice or nectar was excreted from the inside of the flowers of  certain number of plants of any species.
Now, sir, I presume you understand what brings me here.
Now, surely you can see that under these circumstances all the work that we do is an exercise of the mind and body more or less pleasant to be done: so that instead of avoiding work everybody seeks it: and, since people have got defter in doing the work generation after generation, it has become so easy to do, that it seems as if there were less done, though probably more is produced.
Now, there are some people who think it not too fantastic to connect this increase of beauty directly with our freedom and good sense in the matters we have been speaking of: they believe that a child born from the natural and healthy love between a man and a woman, even if that be transient, is likely to turn out better in all ways, and especially in bodily beauty, than the birth of the respectable commercial marriage bed, or of the dull despair of the drudge of that system.
Now, these rays were so bright, and they seemed to make such a shining way from earth to Heaven, that when the child went to his solitary bed, he dreamed about the star; and dreamed that, lying where he was, he saw a train of people taken up that sparkling road by angels.
Now, things are wholly changed, and almost every naturalist admits th great principle of evolution.
Now, what does this remarkable law of the succession of the same type within the same areas mean?  He would be a bold man who, after comparin the present climate of Australia and of parts of South America, under th same latitude, would attempt to account, on the one hand through dissimila physical conditions, for the dissimilarity of the inhabitants of these tw continents; and, on the other hand through similarity of conditions, fo the uniformity of the same types in each continent during the late tertiary periods.
Now, when she knew better how to be useful, and how to forbear, and when her mother could be no longer occupied by the incessant demands of a house full of little children, there would be leisure and inclination for every comfort, and they should soon be what mother and daughter ought to be to each other.
Now, when you look carefully into these, you will find that what lay at the bottom of them was mostly the idea (a law-made idea) of the woman being the property of the man, whether he were husband, father, brother, or what not.
Now, with the early progenitors of mammals, almos before they deserved to be thus designated, is it not at least possibl that the young might have been similarly nourished?  And in this case, th individuals which secreted a fluid, in some degree or manner the mos nutritious, so as to partake of the nature of milk, would in the long ru have reared a larger number of well-nourished offspring, than would th individuals which secreted a poorer fluid; and thus the cutaneous glands which are the homologues of the mammary glands, would have been improved o rendered more effective.
Now, you and I and Dr. Grant will just do; and though we play but half-crowns, you know, you may bet half-guineas with him.
Numerous cases coul be given among the lower animals of the same organ performing at the sam time wholly distinct functions; thus in the larva of the dragon-fly and i the fish Cobites the alimentary canal respires, digests, and excretes.
Numerous cases could be given of striking resemblances in quite distinc beings between single parts or organs, which have been adapted for the sam functions.
Numerous existing doubtful forms could be named which are probabl varieties; but who will pretend that in future ages so many fossil link will be discovered, that naturalists will be able to decide whether or no these doubtful forms ought to be called varieties?  Only a small portion o the world has been geologically explored.
Numerous instances could be given of characters derived from parts whic must be considered of very trifling physiological importance, but which ar universally admitted as highly serviceable in the definition of whol groups.
Numerous instances could be given.
Numerous specimens, collected along the whol coast, from near Rio de Janeiro to the mouth of the Plata, a distance o 1,100 geographical miles, were examined by me, and they all belonged t this class.
O each continent, also, we see the same fact; for on the opposite sides o lofty and continuous mountain-ranges, and of great deserts and even o large rivers, we find different productions; though as mountain chains deserts, etc., are not as impassable, or likely to have endured so long, a the oceans separating continents, the differences are very inferior i degree to those characteristic of distinct continents.
O late, almost every author who has studied the subject has come to thi conclusion.
O one occasion Malm saw a young fish raise and depress the lower eye throug an angular distance of about seventy degrees.
O sediment may be deposited to any thickness and extent over a shallo bottom, if it continue slowly to subside.
O the Organ Mountains of Brazil some few temperate European, some Antarcti and some Andean genera were found by Gardner which do not exist in the lo intervening hot countries.
O the other hand, in some cases, as with the elephant, none are destroyed b beasts of prey; for even the tiger in India most rarely dares to attack  young elephant protected by its dam.
O the plains of La Plata, where hardly a tree grows, there is a woodpecke (Colaptes campestris) which has two toes before and two behind, a long pointed tongue, pointed tail-feathers, sufficiently stiff to support th bird in a vertical position on a post, but not so stiff as in the typica wood-peckers, and a straight, strong beak.
O, he will be quite straightforward with you, for that matter.
O, you need not be afraid of being one too many, either: it is just what these birds in a nest like, to have a good convenient friend to turn to, so that they may relieve the ecstasies of love with the solid commonplace of friendship.
Objections of the same nature as the foregoing have been advanced by man writers.
Observing that the hand was pointed to them, Scrooge advanced to listen to their talk.
Obviously this aquati organisation has no reference to the future life of the animal, nor has i any adaptation to its embryonic condition; it has solely reference t ancestral adaptations, it repeats a phase in the development of it progenitors.
Oceanic islands are inhabited by bats an seals, but by no terrestrial mammals; yet as some of these bats ar peculiar species, they must have long inhabited their present homes.
Oceanic islands are sometimes deficient in animals of certain whol classes, and their places are occupied by other classes; thus in th Galapagos Islands reptiles, and in New Zealand gigantic wingless birds take, or recently took, the place of mammals.
Of Rears and Vices I saw enough.
Of aquatic animals there are many self-fertilising hermaphrodites; but here the currents o water offer an obvious means for an occasional cross.
Of cases of changed habits it wil suffice merely to allude to that of the many British insects which now fee on exotic plants, or exclusively on artificial substances.
Of course his real name is not Boffin, but Henry Johnson; we only call him Boffin as a joke, partly because he is a dustman, and partly because he will dress so showily, and get as much gold on him as a baron of the Middle Ages.
Of course that is all ended, since families are held together by no bond of coercion, legal or social, but by mutual liking and affection, and everybody is free to come or go as he or she pleases.
Of course the hall inside is our winter Mote-House; for in summer we mostly meet in the fields down by the river opposite Barn Elms.
Of course the officers of the soldiery fanned this fear to the utmost, so that the rank and file probably thought on that occasion that they were being led into a desperate battle with men who were really armed, and whose weapon was the more dreadful, because it was concealed.
Of course the only admitted test of utility in wares was the finding of buyers for them - wise men or fools, as it might chance.
Of course the success of the species may b dependent on the number of its enemies, or parasites, or on quite distinc causes, and so be altogether independent of the quantity of honey which th bees can collect.
Of course there are a good many of them up and down the country.
Of course there was.
Of course they can.
Of course we can afford it, or else we shouldn't do it.
Of course when I had my head above water again I turned towards the tide, and my eyes naturally sought for the bridge, and so utterly astonished was I by what I saw, that I forgot to strike out, and went spluttering under water again, and when I came up made straight for the boat; for I felt that I must ask some questions of my waterman, so bewildering had been the half-sight I had seen from the face of the river with the water hardly out of my eyes; though by this time I was quit of the slumbrous and dizzy feeling, and was wide-awake and clear-headed.
Of course you can command me as you please.
Of course you want the guest to be happy and comfortable; and how can that be if he has to trouble himself with answering all sorts of questions while he is still confused with the new customs and people about him? No, no: I am going to take him where he can ask questions himself, and have them answered; that is, to my great-grandfather in Bloomsbury: and I am sure you can't have anything to say against that.
Of course, a vast number of them joined actively in the cause of reaction, and found some solace to their misery in the eagerness of conflict.
Of course, also, we have helped to populate other countries - where we were wanted and were called for.
Of course, if carvers were scarce they would all be busy on the architecture, as you call it, and then these 'toys' (a good word) would not be made; but since there are plenty of people who can carve - in fact, almost everybody, and as work is somewhat scarce, or we are afraid it may be, folk do not discourage this kind of petty work.
Of course, the great change in the use of mechanical force made this an easy matter, and some approach to their break-up as centres would probably have taken place, even if we had not changed our habits so much: but they being such as they were, no sacrifice would have seemed too great a price to pay for getting rid of the 'manufacturing districts,' as they used to be called.
Of course, there was much overlapping of the periods: and at first the new handwork came in very slowly.
Of course, this invasion of the country was awkward to deal with, and would have created much misery, if the folk had still been under the bondage of class monopoly.
Of course, those of us who knew him best - myself amongst others - advised him to go away, as he was making matters worse and worse for himself every day.
Of course, we cannot use it quite as the founder intended, since our ideas about teaching young people are so changed from the ideas of his time; so it is used now as a dwelling for people engaged in learning; and folk from round about come and get taught things that they want to learn; and there is a great library there of the best books.
Of course, you, coming from the outlands, cannot be expected to know about these things.
Of diversifie habits innumerable instances could be given:  I have often watched a tyran flycatcher (Saurophagus sulphuratus) in South America, hovering over on spot and then proceeding to another, like a kestrel, and at other time standing stationary on the margin of water, and then dashing into it like  kingfisher at a fish.
Of her two sisters, Mrs. Price very much more resembled Lady Bertram than Mrs. Norris.
Of pictures there were abundance, and some few good, but the larger part were family portraits, no longer anything to anybody but Mrs. Rushworth, who had been at great pains to learn all that the housekeeper could teach, and was now almost equally well qualified to shew the house.
Of pleasant talk between the brother and sister there was no end.
Of that he had no suspicion.
Of the accidenta varieties of man, which would occur among the first few and scattere inhabitants of the middle regions of Africa, some one would be bette fitted than others to bear the diseases of the country.
Of the eight descendants from (A) th three marked a14, q14, p14, will be nearly related from having recentl branched off from a10; b14 and f14, from having diverged at an earlie period from a5, will be in some degree distinct from the three first-name species; and lastly, o14, e14, and m14, will be nearly related one to th other, but, from having diverged at the first commencement of the proces of modification, will be widely different from the other five species, an may constitute a sub-genus or a distinct genus.
Of the last-mentioned hero, what shall I say? If I avoided his name entirely, it would look suspicious.
Of the many twigs which flourished when th tree was a mere bush, only two or three, now grown into great branches, ye survive and bear the other branches; so with the species which lived durin long-past geological periods, very few have left living and modifie descendants.
Of the rest she saw nothing: nobody seemed to think of her ever going amongst them again, even for a visit, nobody at home seemed to want her; but William determining, soon after her removal, to be a sailor, was invited to spend a week with his sister in Northamptonshire before he went to sea.
Of the soldiers, six were killed outright, and a dozen wounded.
Of the species which do change, only a few within the same country chang at the same time; and all modifications are slowly effected.
Of the two hours which followed upon this it is unnecessary to give more than a sketch.
Of their cause we are quit ignorant; we cannot even attribute them, as in the last class of cases, t any proximate agency, such as relative position.
Of these latter variations several may b attributed to reversion; and the characters which thus reappear were, it i probable, in many cases at first gained in a gradual manner.
Of these twenty-one, o perhaps twenty-three, are ranked as distinct species, and would commonly b assumed to have been here created; yet the close affinity of most of thes birds to American species is manifest in every character in their habits gestures, and tones of voice.
Of this fact I will give in illustration the first two instance which happen to stand on my list; and as the differences in these cases ar of a very unusual nature, the relation can hardly be accidental.
Of this history we possess the last volum alone, relating only to two or three countries.
Of this volume, only her and there a short chapter has been preserved, and of each page, only her and there a few lines.
Of various admirals I could tell you a great deal: of them and their flags, and the gradation of their pay, and their bickerings and jealousies.
Often - in my country I have seen that wretched change you have spoken of, from the fresh handsome country lass to the poor draggle-tailed country woman.
Often, too, he would lend Van Tromp the matter of a pound, in view of that gentleman's contemplated departure for Australia; there would be a scene of farewell almost touching in character, and a week or a month later they would meet on the same boulevard without surprise or embarrassment.
Oh Jacob Marley! Heaven, and the Christmas Time be praised for this! I say it on my knees, old Jacob; on my knees! He was so fluttered and so glowing with his good intentions, that his broken voice would scarcely answer to his call.
Oh cold, cold, rigid, dreadful Death, set up thine altar here, and dress it with such terrors as thou hast at thy command: for this is thy dominion! But of the loved, revered, and honoured head, thou canst not turn one hair to thy dread purposes, or make one feature odious.
Oh! But he was a tight-fisted hand at the grindstone, Scrooge! A squeezing, wrenching, grasping, scraping, clutching, covetous old sinner! Hard and sharp as flint, from which no steel had ever struck out generous fire; secret and self-contained, and solitary as an oyster.
Oh! I believe I was relating to her some ridiculous stories of an old Irish groom of my uncle's.
Oh! cousin, if I am to go away, I shall remember your goodness to the last moment of my life.
Oh! she has been trying for him to such a degree.
Oh! that I could transport you for a short time into our circle in town, that you might understand how your power over Henry is thought of there! Oh! the envyings and heartburnings of dozens and dozens; the wonder, the incredulity that will be felt at hearing what you have done! For as to secrecy, Henry is quite the hero of an old romance, and glories in his chains.
Oh! why will such things ever pass away? Happily for her companion, she wanted no answer.
Oh, a wonderful pudding! Bob Cratchit said, and calmly too, that he regarded it as the greatest success achieved by Mrs. Cratchit since their marriage.
Oh, cousin, you do not know how acceptable it is.
Oh, he was early there.
Oh, perfectly satisfactory.
Oh, tell me I may sponge away the writing on this stone! In his agony, he caught the spectral hand.
Oil sympiesometers seem to be affected more than mercurial, or others and much more than the barometer, by lightning or electricity.
Old Fezziwig laid down his pen, and looked up at the clock, which pointed to the hour of seven.
Old Marley was as dead as a door-nail.
Old Mr. Naseby had the sturdy, untutored nature of the upper middle class.
Old Naseby, for instance, had observed him.
Old Scholey ran in at breakfast-time, to say she had slipped her moorings and was coming out, I jumped up, and made but two steps to the platform.
Old fire-guards, old shoes, two fish-baskets, washing-stand on three legs, and a poker.
On Mr. Norris's death the presentation became the right of a Dr. Grant, who came consequently to reside at Mansfield; and on proving to be a hearty man of forty-five, seemed likely to disappoint Mr. Bertram's calculations.
On a rainy day, even in  gently undulating country, we see the effects of subaerial degradation i the muddy rills which flow down every slope.
On a small island, the race for life will hav been less severe, and there will have been less modification and les extermination.
On a stone under the trees sat a young lady sketching.
On almost any other occasion Dick would have enjoyed the scene.
On almost bare land, with few or no destructive insects o birds living there, nearly every seed which chanced to arrive, if fitte for the climate, would germinate and survive.
On each side of the street ran an elegant arcade to protect foot-passengers, as in some of the old Italian cities.
On each side there was much to attract, and their acquaintance soon promised as early an intimacy as good manners would warrant.
On either side, th islands stand on a moderately shallow submarine bank, and these islands ar inhabited by the same or by closely allied quadrupeds.
On either view we must suppose tha the bizcacha has retained, by inheritance, more of the character of it ancient progenitor than have other Rodents; and therefore it will not b specially related to any one existing Marsupial, but indirectly to all o nearly all Marsupials, from having partially retained the character o their common progenitor, or of some early member of the group.
On every continent, in proceeding fro north to south, from lowland to upland, etc., we meet with a host o closely related or representative species; as we likewise do on certai distinct continents, which we have reason to believe were formerl connected.
On her father, her confidence had not been sanguine, but he was more negligent of his family, his habits were worse, and his manners coarser, than she had been prepared for.
On his return to the breakfast-room, he found Mrs. Norris trying to make up her mind as to whether Miss Crawford's being of the party were desirable or not, or whether her brother's barouche would not be full without her.
On his side the inclination was stronger, on hers less equivocal.
On my return home, it occurred to me, in 1837, tha something might perhaps be made out on this question by patientl accumulating and reflecting on all sorts of facts which could possibly hav any bearing on it.
On my theory, unity of type is explained by unity o descent.
On our theory the continue existence of lowly organisms offers no difficulty; for natural selection or the survival of the fittest, does not necessarily include progressiv development - it only takes advantage of such variations as arise and ar beneficial to each creature under its complex relations of life.
On pursuing the subject, he found that, dear as all these brothers and sisters generally were, there was one among them who ran more in her thoughts than the rest.
On reaching home Fanny went immediately upstairs to deposit this unexpected acquisition, this doubtful good of a necklace, in some favourite box in the East room, which held all her smaller treasures; but on opening the door, what was her surprise to find her cousin Edmund there writing at the table! Such a sight having never occurred before, was almost as wonderful as it was welcome.
On reaching the bottom of the steps to the terrace, Mrs. Rushworth and Mrs. Norris presented themselves at the top, just ready for the wilderness, at the end of an hour and a half from their leaving the house.
On receiving it, she could instantly decide on its containing little writing, and was persuaded of its having the air of a letter of haste and business.
On sees the fog occasionally rolled away, as it were, by wind - but not formed while it is blowing.
On separate continents, and on different parts of the sam continent, when divided by barriers of any kind, and on outlying islands what a multitude of forms exist, which some experienced naturalists rank a varieties, others as geographical races or sub species, and others a distinct, though closely allied species If, then, animals and plants do vary, let it be ever so slightly or slowly why should not variations or individual differences, which are in any wa beneficial, be preserved and accumulated through natural selection, or th survival of the fittest?  If man can by patience select variations usefu to him, why, under changing and complex conditions of life, should no variations useful to nature's living products often arise, and be preserve or selected?  What limit can be put to this power, acting during long age and rigidly scrutinising the whole constitution, structure, and habits o each creature, favouring the good and rejecting the bad?  I can see n limit to this power, in slowly and beautifully adapting each form to th most complex relations of life.
On th other hand, of all Marsupials, as Mr. Waterhouse has remarked, th Phascolomys resembles most nearly, not any one species, but the genera order of Rodents.
On th supposition of the fossil horse still existing as a rare species, we migh have felt certain, from the analogy of all other mammals, even of th slow-breeding elephant, and from the history of the naturalisation of th domestic horse in South America, that under more favourable conditions i would in a very few years have stocked the whole continent.
On that day we have music and dancing, and merry games and happy feasting on the site of some of the worst of the old slums, the traditional memory of which we have kept.
On that event they removed to Mansfield; and the Parsonage there, which, under each of its two former owners, Fanny had never been able to approach but with some painful sensation of restraint or alarm, soon grew as dear to her heart, and as thoroughly perfect in her eyes, as everything else within the view and patronage of Mansfield Park had long been.
On that occasion the custom is for the prettiest girls to sing some of the old revolutionary songs, and those which were the groans of the discontent, once so hopeless, on the very spots where those terrible crimes of class-murder were committed day by day for so many years.
On the 23rd he was going to a friend near Peterborough, in the same situation as himself, and they were to receive ordination in the course of the Christmas week.
On the Himalaya, and on the isolated mountain ranges of the peninsula o India, on the heights of Ceylon, and on the volcanic cones of Java, man plants occur either identically the same or representing each other, and a the same time representing plants of Europe not found in the intervenin hot lowlands.
On the Silla of Caraccas the illustriou Humboldt long ago found species belonging to genera characteristic of th Cordillera.
On the Thursday following, as Dick was walking by appointment, earlier than usual, in the direction of the cottage, he was appalled to meet in the lane a fly from Thymebury, containing the human form of Miss M'Glashan.
On the absence of intermediate varieties at the present day  -  On th nature of extinct intermediate varieties; on their number  -  On the laps of time, as inferred from the rate of denudation and of deposition numbe  -  On the lapse of time as estimated by years  -  On the poorness of ou palaeontological collections  -  On the intermittence of geologica formations  -  On the denudation of granitic areas  -  On the absence o intermediate varieties in any one formation  -  On the sudden appearance o groups of species  -  On their sudden appearance in the lowest know fossiliferous strata  -  Antiquity of the habitable earth.
On the belief that this is a law of nature, we can, I think, understan several large classes of facts, such as the following, which on any othe view are inexplicable.
On the confines of it geographical range, a change of constitution with respect to climate woul clearly be an advantage to our plant; but we have reason to believe tha only a few plants or animals range so far, that they are destroye exclusively by the rigour of the climate.
On the contrary - if a fall takes place, with a rising thermometer and increased dampness, wind and rain may be expected from the South-eastward, Southward, or South-westward.
On the contrary, I told him, I cannot recollect my exact words, but I am sure I told him that I would not listen to him, that it was very unpleasant to me in every respect, and that I begged him never to talk to me in that manner again.
On the contrary, brothers and sisters have usually bee crossed in each successive generation, in opposition to the constantl repeated admonition of every breeder.
On the contrary, every prudent person will combine observation of the elements with such indications as he may obtain from instruments.
On the contrary, she could think of nothing but Mansfield, its beloved inmates, its happy ways.
On the contrary, she was so totally unused to have her pleasure consulted, or to have anything take place at all in the way she could desire, that she was more disposed to wonder and rejoice in having carried her point so far, than to repine at the counteraction which followed.
On the contrary, the knowing that there was such a provision for me probably did bias me.
On the contrary, there has been but little clearance, though much rebuilding, in the smaller towns.
On the contrary, we have every reason to believe, fro the study of the tertiary formations, that species and groups of specie gradually disappear, one after another, first from one spot, then fro another, and finally from the world.
On the decline of the Glacia period, as both hemispheres gradually recovered their former temperature the northern temperate forms living on the lowlands under the equator would have been driven to their former homes or have been destroyed, bein replaced by the equatorial forms returning from the south.
On the far-away hills, sun-burst and shadow raced along the slopes and leaped from peak to peak.
On the hypothesis of separate acts of creatio the whole case remains unintelligible.
On the islets of the little Madeira group there are man insects which are characterized as varieties in Mr. Wollaston's admirabl work, but which would certainly be ranked as distinct species by man entomologists.
On the lofty mountains of equatoria America a host of peculiar species belonging to European genera occur.
On the morrow the Crawfords were gone.
On the morrow they were walking about together with true enjoyment, and every succeeding morrow renewed a tete-a-tete which Sir Thomas could not but observe with complacency, even before Edmund had pointed it out to him.
On the north side of the road was a range of buildings and courts, low, but very handsomely built and ornamented, and in that way forming a great contrast to the unpretentiousness of the houses round about; while above this lower building rose the steep lead-covered roof and the buttresses and higher part of the wall of a great hall, of a splendid and exuberant style of architecture, of which one can say little more than that it seemed to me to embrace the best qualities of the Gothic of northern Europe with those of the Saracenic and Byzantine, though there was no copying of any one of these styles.
On the one side, there is good reason to believe that slight changes in th conditions of life give vigour and fertility to all organic beings.
On the ordinary view of each species having been independently created, wh should that part of the structure, which differs from the same part i other independently created species of the same genus, be more variabl than those parts which are closely alike in the several species?  I do no see that any explanation can be given.
On the other han we have evidence that variability, when it has once come into play, doe not cease under domestication for a very long period; nor do we know tha it ever ceases, for new varieties are still occasionally produced by ou oldest domesticated productions.
On the other hand it is a common rule throughout nature that the same end should be gained even sometimes in the case of closely related beings, by the mos diversified means.
On the other hand it is highly probable that with many animals th embryonic or larval stages show us, more or less completely, the conditio of the progenitor of the whole group in its adult state.
On the other hand th struggle will often be severe between beings remote in the scale of nature.
On the other hand, Dr. Hooker informs me tha the rule does not hold good in Australia:  but if most of the Australia trees are dichogamous, the same result would follow as if they bore flower with separated sexes.
On the other hand, I willingly admit that a great number of male animals as all our most gorgeous birds, some fishes, reptiles, and mammals, and  host of magnificently coloured butterflies, have been rendered beautifu for beauty's sake.
On the other hand, all the chief laws o palaeontology plainly proclaim, as it seems to me, that species have bee produced by ordinary generation:  old forms having been supplanted by ne and improved forms of life, the products of variation and the survival o the fittest.
On the other hand, as long a the bed of the sea remained stationary, THICK deposits cannot have bee accumulated in the shallow parts, which are the most favourable to life.
On the other hand, as the fertility of this clove absolutely depends on bees visiting the flowers, if humble-bees were t become rare in any country, it might be a great advantage to the plant t have a shorter or more deeply divided corolla, so that the hive-bees shoul be enabled to suck its flowers.
On the other hand, cats, from their nocturnal rambling habits can not be easily matched, and, although so much valued by women an children, we rarely see a distinct breed long kept up; such breeds as we d sometimes see are almost always imported from some other country.
On the other hand, certain species of Sorbus, whe grafted on other species, yielded twice as much fruit as when on their ow roots.
On the other hand, during subsidence, the inhabite area and number of inhabitants will decrease (excepting on the shores of  continent when first broken up into an archipelago), and consequentl during subsidence, though there will be much extinction, few new varietie or species will be formed; and it is during these very periods o subsidence that the deposits which are richest in fossils have bee accumulated.
On the other hand, from the fact that hardly a single inhabitan of the southern hemisphere has become wild in any part of Europe, we ma well doubt whether, if all the productions of New Zealand were set free i Great Britain, any considerable number would be enabled to seize on place now occupied by our native plants and animals.
On the other hand, grebes an coots are eminently aquatic, although their toes are only bordered b membrane.
On the other hand, habit alone in some cases has sufficed; hardl any animal is more difficult to tame than the young of the wild rabbit scarcely any animal is tamer than the young of the tame rabbit; but I ca hardly suppose that domestic rabbits have often been selected for tamenes alone; so that we must attribute at least the greater part of the inherite change from extreme wildness to extreme tameness, to habit an long-continued close confinement.
On the other hand, he did not previously dry the plants or branches wit the fruit; and this, as we have seen, would have caused some of them t have floated much longer.
On the other hand, if we look at each species as a special ac of creation, there is no apparent reason why more varieties should occur i a group having many species, than in one having few.
On the other hand, in all parts of the world the piles of sedimentar strata are of wonderful thickness.
On the other hand, in many cases, a large stock of individuals of the sam species, relatively to the numbers of its enemies, is absolutely necessar for its preservation.
On the other hand, natural selection woul inevitably tend to preserve those individuals which were born wit constitutions best adapted to any country which they inhabited.
On the other hand, one species in a group will sometimes resis great changes of conditions with unimpaired fertility; and certain specie in a group will produce unusually fertile hybrids.
On the other hand, proceeding still further westward from th eastern islands of the tropical parts of the Pacific, we encounter n impassable barriers, and we have innumerable islands as halting-places, o continuous coasts, until, after travelling over a hemisphere, we come t the shores of Africa; and over this vast space we meet with no well-define and distinct marine faunas.
On the other hand, the Socialist papers (of which three only, representing somewhat different schools, were published in London) came out full to the throat of well-printed matter.
On the other hand, the commo rule throughout nature is infinite diversity of structure for gaining th same end; and this again naturally follows from the same great principle.
On the other hand, the degrees an kinds of resemblance in mongrels and in hybrids to their respectiv parents, more especially in hybrids produced from nearly related species follow, according to Gartner the same laws.
On the other hand, the extremities of these lower lamellae ar frayed into fine bristly points, so that they thus curiously resemble th plates of baleen.
On the other hand, the old men amongst the labourers managed to teach the younger ones gradually a little artizanship, such as the use of the saw and the plane, the work of the smithy, and so forth; for once more, by that time it was as much as - or rather, more than - a man could do to fix an ash pole to a rake by handiwork; so that it would take a machine worth a thousand pounds, a group of workmen, and half a day's travelling, to do five shillings' worth of work.
On the other hand, the ordinary belief that the amount of possibl variation is a strictly limited quantity, is likewise a simple assumption.
On the other hand, the points in whic species differ from other species of the same genus are called specifi characters; and as these specific characters have varied and come to diffe since the period when the species branched off from a common progenitor, i is probable that they should still often be in some degree variable - a least more variable than those parts of the organisation which have for  very long period remained constant.
On the other hand, the transportal of the lower eye of  flat-fish to the upper side of the head, and the formation of a prehensil tail, may be attributed almost wholly to continued use, together wit inheritance.
On the other hand, the working classes were ill-organised, and growing poorer in reality, in spite of the gains (also real in the long run) which they had forced from the masters.
On the other hand, there are species whic can be crossed very rarely, or with extreme difficulty, but the hybrids when at last produced, are very fertile.
On the other hand, there is a considerable degree of resemblanc in the volcanic nature of the soil, in the climate, height, and size of th islands, between the Galapagos and Cape Verde Archipelagos:  but what a entire and absolute difference in their inhabitants!  The inhabitants o the Cape Verde Islands are related to those of Africa, like those of th Galapagos to America.
On the other hand, we can see bearing in mind that all organic beings are striving to increase at a hig ratio and to seize on every unoccupied or less well occupied place in th economy of nature, that it is quite possible for natural selectio gradually to fit a being to a situation in which several organs would b superfluous or useless:  in such cases there would be retrogression in th scale of organisation.
On the other hand, young chickens have lost wholly by habit, that fear o the dog and cat which no doubt was originally instinctive in them, for I a informed by Captain Hutton that the young chickens of the parent stock, th Gallus bankiva, when reared in India under a hen, are at first excessivel wild.
On the other side, we know that specie which have long been exposed to nearly uniform conditions, when they ar subjected under confinement to new and greatly changed conditions, eithe perish, or if they survive, are rendered sterile, though retaining perfec health.
On the other, the south side, of the road was an octagonal building with a high roof, not unlike the Baptistry at Florence in outline, except that it was surrounded by a lean-to that clearly made an arcade or cloisters to it: it also was most delicately ornamented.
On the present occasion she addressed herself chiefly to Miss Crawford and Fanny, but there was no comparison in the willingness of their attention; for Miss Crawford, who had seen scores of great houses, and cared for none of them, had only the appearance of civilly listening, while Fanny, to whom everything was almost as interesting as it was new, attended with unaffected earnestness to all that Mrs. Rushworth could relate of the family in former times, its rise and grandeur, regal visits and loyal efforts, delighted to connect anything with history already known, or warm her imagination with scenes of the past.
On the principle of successiv variations not always supervening at an early age, and being inherited at  corresponding not early period of life, we clearly see why the embryos o mammals, birds, reptiles, and fishes should be so closely similar, and s unlike the adult forms.
On the principle of successive slight variations, not necessarily o generally supervening at a very early period of life, and being inherite at a corresponding period, we can understand the leading facts i embryology; namely, the close resemblance in the individual embryo of th parts which are homologous, and which when matured become widely differen in structure and function; and the resemblance of the homologous parts o organs in allied though distinct species, though fitted in the adult stat for habits as different as is possible.
On the principle of the continue tendency to divergence of character, which was formerly illustrated by thi diagram, the more recent any form is the more it will generally differ fro its ancient progenitor.
On the principle of the multiplication and gradual divergence in characte of the species descended from a common progenitor, together with thei retention by inheritance of some characters in common, we can understan the excessively complex and radiating affinities by which all the member of the same family or higher group are connected together.
On the recommendation of the Kew Observatory Committee of the Britis Association for the Advancement of Science.
On the same continent fresh-water fish often rang widely, and as if capriciously; for in two adjoining river systems some o the species may be the same and some wholly different.
On the same continent, also pre-occupation has probably played an important part in checking th commingling of the species which inhabit different districts with nearl the same physical conditions.
On the slow and successive appearance of new species  -  On their differen rates of change  -  Species once lost do not reappear  -  Groups of specie follow the same general rules in their appearance and disappearance as d single species  -  On extinction  -  On simultaneous changes in the forms o life throughout the world  -  On the affinities of extinct species to eac other and to living species  -  On the state of development of ancient form  -  On the succession of the same types within the same areas  -  Summary o preceding and present chapters.
On the southern mountains of Australia, Dr. F. Muller has discovere several European species; other species, not introduced by man, occur o the lowlands; and a long list can be given, as I am informed by Dr. Hooker of European genera, found in Australia, but not in the intermediate torri regions.
On the theory of descent with modification, the great law of the lon enduring, but not immutable, succession of the same types within the sam areas, is at once explained; for the inhabitants of each quarter of th world will obviously tend to leave in that quarter, during the nex succeeding period of time, closely allied though in some degree modifie descendants.
On the theory of descent, the full meaning of the fossil remains fro closely consecutive formations, being closely related, though ranked a distinct species, is obvious.
On the theory of natural selection, th extinction of old forms and the production of new and improved forms ar intimately connected together.
On the tragic side were the Miss Bertrams, Henry Crawford, and Mr. Yates; on the comic, Tom Bertram, not quite alone, because it was evident that Mary Crawford's wishes, though politely kept back, inclined the same way: but his determinateness and his power seemed to make allies unnecessary; and, independent of this great irreconcilable difference, they wanted a piece containing very few characters in the whole, but every character first-rate, and three principal women.
On the view here given of the important part which selection by man ha played, it becomes at once obvious, how it is that our domestic races sho adaptation in their structure or in their habits to man's wants or fancies.
On the view of all the species of the same genu having descended from a common parent, and having inherited much in common we can understand how it is that allied species, when placed under widel different conditions of life, yet follow nearly the same instincts; why th thrushes of tropical and temperate South America, for instance, line thei nests with mud like our British species.
On the view of characters being of real importance for classification, onl in so far as they reveal descent, we can clearly understand why analogica or adaptive characters, although of the utmost importance to the welfare o the being, are almost valueless to the systematist.
On the view of descent wit modification, we may conclude that the existence of organs in  rudimentary, imperfect, and useless condition, or quite aborted, far fro presenting a strange difficulty, as they assuredly do on the old doctrin of creation, might even have been anticipated in accordance with the view here explained.
On the view of descent with modification, the origin of rudimentary organ is comparatively simple; and we can understand to a large extent the law governing their imperfect development.
On the view of each organism with al its separate parts having been specially created, how utterly inexplicabl is it that organs bearing the plain stamp of inutility, such as the teet in the embryonic calf or the shrivelled wings under the soldere wing-covers of many beetles, should so frequently occur.
On the view of instincts havin been slowly acquired through natural selection, we need not marvel at som instincts being not perfect and liable to mistakes, and at many instinct causing other animals to suffer.
On the view that species are only strongly marked and permanent varieties and that each species first existed as a variety, we can see why it is tha no line of demarcation can be drawn between species, commonly supposed t have been produced by special acts of creation, and varieties which ar acknowledged to have been produced by secondary laws.
On the way to dinner the Admiral showed him where to buy gloves, and made him buy them; where to buy cigars, and made him buy a vast store, some of which he obligingly accepted.
On the whole, I entirely agree wit Dr. Prosper Lucas, who, after arranging an enormous body of facts wit respect to animals, comes to the conclusion that the laws of resemblance o the child to its parents are the same, whether the two parents diffe little or much from each other, namely, in the union of individuals of th same variety, or of different varieties, or of distinct species.
On the whole, we may conclude that habit, or use and disuse, have, in som cases, played a considerable part in the modification of the constitutio and structure; but that the effects have often been largely combined with and sometimes overmastered by, the natural selection of innate variations.
On thes principles, the nature of the affinities, and the generally well define distinctions between the innumerable organic beings in each clas throughout the world, may be explained.
On thes same plains of La Plata we see the agouti and bizcacha, animals havin nearly the same habits as our hares and rabbits, and belonging to the sam order of Rodents, but they plainly display an American type of structure.
On these occasions, he would redouble in energy, and declare that black was white, and blue yellow, with much conviction and heat of manner; but in the morning such a licence of debate weighed upon him like a crime, and he would seek out his father, where he walked before breakfast on a terrace overlooking all the vale of Thyme.
On these same principles we can understand, as I have endeavoured to show why oceanic islands should have few inhabitants, but that of these, a larg proportion should be endemic or peculiar; and why, in relation to the mean of migration, one group of beings should have all its species peculiar, an another group, even within the same class, should have all its species th same with those in an adjoining quarter of the world.
On these same principles we se how it is that the mutual affinities of the forms within each class are s complex and circuitous.
On these same principles, and bearing in mind that when organ are reduced in size, either from disuse or through natural selection, i will generally be at that period of life when the being has to provide fo its own wants, and bearing in mind how strong is the force o inheritance - the occurrence of rudimentary organs might even have bee anticipated.
On thi principle nurserymen always prefer saving seed from a large body of plants as the chance of intercrossing is thus lessened.
On thi principle of inheritance with modification we can understand how it is tha sections of genera, whole genera, and even families, are confined to th same areas, as is so commonly and notoriously the case.
On thi view of the meaning of embryological resemblances, and indeed on any view it is incredible that an animal should have undergone such momentous an abrupt transformations as those above indicated, and yet should not bea even a trace in its embryonic condition of any sudden modification, ever detail in its structure being developed by insensibly fine steps.
On thi view, the capacity of enduring the most different climates by man himsel and by his domestic animals, and the fact of the extinct elephant an rhinoceros having formerly endured a glacial climate, whereas the livin species are now all tropical or sub-tropical in their habits, ought not t be looked at as anomalies, but as examples of a very common flexibility o constitution, brought, under peculiar circumstances, into action.
On this bank or bent of the hill, then, we had our mid-day meal; somewhat early for dinner, if that mattered, but we had been stirring early: the slender stream of the Thames winding below us between the garden of a country I have been telling of; a furlong from us was a beautiful little islet begrown with graceful trees; on the slopes westward of us was a wood of varied growth overhanging the narrow meadow on the south side of the river; while to the north was a wide stretch of mead rising very gradually from the river's edge.
On this doctrine of the extermination of an infinitude of connecting links between the living and extinct inhabitants of the world, and at eac successive period between the extinct and still older species, why is no every geological formation charged with such links?  Why does not ever collection of fossil remains afford plain evidence of the gradation an mutation of the forms of life?  Although geological research ha undoubtedly revealed the former existence of many links, bringing numerou forms of life much closer together, it does not yield the infinitely man fine gradations between past and present species required on the theory and this is the most obvious of the many objections which may be urge against it.
On this idea of the natural syste being, in so far as it has been perfected, genealogical in its arrangement with the grades of difference expressed by the terms genera, families orders, etc., we can understand the rules which we are compelled to follo in our classification.
On this rencontre they all returned to the house together, there to lounge away the time as they could with sofas, and chit-chat, and Quarterly Reviews, till the return of the others, and the arrival of dinner.
On this same principle of forme migration, combined in most cases with modification, we can understand, b the aid of the Glacial period, the identity of some few plants, and th close alliance of many others, on the most distant mountains, and in th northern and southern temperate zones; and likewise the close alliance o some of the inhabitants of the sea in the northern and southern temperat latitudes, though separated by the whole intertropical ocean.
On this same principle we ca understand how it is that specific characters are more variable tha generic characters; and how the parts which are developed in a extraordinary degree or manner are more variable than other parts of th same species.
On this same theory, it is evident that the fauna during any one grea period in the earth's history will be intermediate in general characte between that which preceded and that which succeeded it.
On this same view of descent with modification, most of the great facts i Morphology become intelligible - whether we look to the same patter displayed by the different species of the same class in their homologou organs, to whatever purpose applied, or to the serial and latera homologies in each individual animal and plant.
On this same view w can understand how it is that in a region where many species of a genu have been produced, and where they now flourish, these same species shoul present many varieties; for where the manufactory of species has bee active, we might expect, as a general rule, to find it still in action; an this is the case if varieties be incipient species.
On this view of migration, with subsequent modification, we see why oceani islands are inhabited by only few species, but of these, why many ar peculiar or endemic forms.
On this view the difficulties abov discussed are greatly diminished or even disappear.
On this view we can understand how it is that, in the eyes of mos naturalists, the structure of the embryo is even more important fo classification than that of the adult.
On this view we can understand the relationship with very little identity between the productions of North America and Europe - a relationship whic is highly remarkable, considering the distance of the two areas, and thei separation by the whole Atlantic Ocean.
Once I heard him go farther, and express his feelings with regard to Esther in a single but eloquent word.
Once a year, on May-day, we hold a solemn feast in those easterly communes of London to commemorate The Clearing of Misery, as it is called.
Once afterwards she was alluded to by him.
Once fairly in the dockyard, he began to reckon upon some happy intercourse with Fanny, as they were very soon joined by a brother lounger of Mr. Price's, who was come to take his daily survey of how things went on, and who must prove a far more worthy companion than himself; and after a time the two officers seemed very well satisfied going about together, and discussing matters of equal and never-failing interest, while the young people sat down upon some timbers in the yard, or found a seat on board a vessel in the stocks which they all went to look at.
Once it had, by an opening undesigned and unmerited, led him into the way of happiness.
Once more without any conscious effort of will I set my face toward the old house by the ford, but as I turned round the corner which led to the remains of the village cross, I came upon a figure strangely contrasting with the joyous, beautiful people I had left behind in the church.
Once there came a glimmer of hope.
Once upon a time (of all the good days in the year, on Christmas Eve), old Scrooge sat busy in his counting-house.
Once upon a time, I am told, they were quite a nuisance.
Once, and once only, in the course of many years, had she the happiness of being with William.
One advantage resulted from it to Fanny: at the earnest request of Miss Crawford, Mrs. Grant had, with her usual good-humour, agreed to undertake the part for which Fanny had been wanted; and this was all that occurred to gladden her heart during the day; and even this, when imparted by Edmund, brought a pang with it, for it was Miss Crawford to whom she was obliged - it was Miss Crawford whose kind exertions were to excite her gratitude, and whose merit in making them was spoken of with a glow of admiration.
One author believes that there formerly existed eleven wil species of sheep peculiar to Great Britain!  When we bear in mind tha Britain has now not one peculiar mammal, and France but few distinct fro those of Germany, and so with Hungary, Spain, etc., but that each of thes kingdoms possesses several peculiar breeds of cattle, sheep, etc., we mus admit that many domestic breeds must have originated in Europe; for whenc otherwise could they have been derived?  So it is in India.
One by one, her illusions had departed.
One cannot fix one's eyes on the commonest natural production without finding food for a rambling fancy.
One cat, according to Mr. St.
One change I noticed amidst the quiet beauty of the fields - to wit, that they were planted with trees here and there, often fruit-trees, and that there was none of the niggardly begrudging of space to a handsome tree which I remembered too well; and though the willows were often polled (or shrowded, as they call it in that country-side), this was done with some regard to beauty: I mean that there was no polling of rows on rows so as to destroy the pleasantness of half a mile of country, but a thoughtful sequence in the cutting, that prevented a sudden bareness anywhere.
One circumstance has struck me much; namely that nearly all the breeders of the various domestic animals and th cultivators of plants, with whom I have conversed, or whose treatises  have read, are firmly convinced that the several breeds to which each ha attended, are descended from so many aboriginally distinct species.
One claim, however, was of the utmost immediate importance, and this the Government tried hard to evade; but as they were not dealing with fools, they had to yield at last.
One class of facts, however, namely, the sudde appearance of new and distinct forms of life in our geological formation supports at first sight the belief in abrupt development.
One could not expect anybody to take such a part.
One day I fortunately witnessed a migration of F. sanguinea from one nes to another, and it was a most interesting spectacle to behold the master carefully carrying their slaves in their jaws instead of being carried b them, as in the case of F. rufescens.
One does not like to see a girl of eighteen or nineteen so immediately up to every thing - and perhaps when one has seen her hardly able to speak the year before.
One does not see much of this influence and importance in society, and how can it be acquired where they are so seldom seen themselves? How can two sermons a week, even supposing them worth hearing, supposing the preacher to have the sense to prefer Blair's to his own, do all that you speak of? govern the conduct and fashion the manners of a large congregation for the rest of the week? One scarcely sees a clergyman out of his pulpit.
One does not think of extent here; and between ourselves, till I came to Mansfield, I had not imagined a country parson ever aspired to a shrubbery, or anything of the kind.
One evening I visited another community of F. sanguinea, and found a numbe of these ants returning home and entering their nests, carrying the dea bodies of F. fusca (showing that it was not a migration) and numerou pupae.
One fl deposits hundreds of eggs, and another, like the hippobosca, a single one.
One is nothing, indeed.
One is tempted to believe from what one has read of the condition of those districts in the nineteenth century, that those who had them under their power worried, befouled, and degraded men out of malice prepense: but it was not so; like the mis-education of which we were talking just now, it came of their dreadful poverty.
One large group will slowl conquer another large group, reduce its number, and thus lessen its chanc of further variation and improvement.
One laughed; another told extravagant long-bow stories to the envoy; a third held a sulky silence; a fourth damned the polite spy and bade him hold his jaw - and that was all they got out of us.
One likes to get out into a shrubbery in fine weather.
One might as well be nothing as a midshipman.
One of th strongest instances of an animal apparently performing an action for th sole good of another, with which I am acquainted, is that of aphide voluntarily yielding, as was first observed by Huber, their sweet excretio to ants:  that they do so voluntarily, the following facts show.
One of the higher plants may be said t be dominant if it be more numerous in individuals and more widely diffuse than the other plants of the same country, which live under nearly the sam conditions.
One of the mos remarkable features in our domesticated races is that we see in the adaptation, not indeed to the animal's or plant's own good, but to man' use or fancy.
One of the most obviou real cases is, that variations of structure arising in the young or larva naturally tend to affect the structure of the mature animal.
One of the most serious is that of neuter insects, which are ofte differently constructed from either the males or fertile females; but thi case will be treated of in the next chapter.
One of the sections, says our friend, a man whom he knows very well indeed, sat almost silent at the beginning of the discussion, but at last got drawn into it, and finished by roaring out very loud, and damning all the rest for fools; after which befel a period of noise, and then a lull, during which the aforesaid section, having said good-night very amicably, took his way home by himself to a western suburb, using the means of travelling which civilisation has forced upon us like a habit.
One of these was Mr. Peter Van Tromp, an English-speaking, two-legged animal of the international genus, and by profession of general and more than equivocal utility.
One of these was replaced in the nest by the observer and was again thrown out.
One of whom, having never before understood that Thornton was so soon and so completely to be his home, was pondering with downcast eyes on what it would be not to see Edmund every day; and the other, startled from the agreeable fancies she had been previously indulging on the strength of her brother's description, no longer able, in the picture she had been forming of a future Thornton, to shut out the church, sink the clergyman, and see only the respectable, elegant, modernised, and occasional residence of a man of independent fortune, was considering Sir Thomas, with decided ill-will, as the destroyer of all this, and suffering the more from that involuntary forbearance which his character and manner commanded, and from not daring to relieve herself by a single attempt at throwing ridicule on his cause.
One or two soldiers fell; and I saw the officers going up and down the ranks urging the men to fire again; but they received the orders in sullen silence, and let the butts of their guns fall.
One part of their tactics consisted in their guarding and even garrisoning the big factories of the period: they held at one time, for instance, the whole of that place called Manchester which I spoke of just now.
One remark is here worth a passing notice.
One shell, the Helix pomatia, after having been thu treated, and again hybernating, was put into sea-water for twenty days an perfectly recovered.
One should be a brute not to feel for the distress they are in; and from what I hear, poor Mr. Bertram has a bad chance of ultimate recovery.
One species o charlock has been known to supplant another species; and so in other cases.
One was found to have too small a print for a child's eyes, and the other to be too cumbersome for her to carry about.
One which I kept alive was certainly in this condition, the cause as appeared on dissection, having been inflammation of the nictitatin membrane.
One wishes it were not so; but I have not yet left Oxford long enough to forget what chapel prayers are.
One writer asks, why has not the ostrich acquired the power o flight?  But a moment's reflection will show what an enormous supply o food would be necessary to give to this bird of the desert force to mov its huge body through the air.
One, namely, the distinctness of specific form and their not being blended together by innumerable transitional links, i a very obvious difficulty.
Only a small portion of the surface of the earth has bee geologically explored, and no part with sufficient care, as the importan discoveries made every year in Europe prove.
Only keep your cousin Edmund from me at such a time: I should not like to be tempted.
Only note that there are no tokens of poverty about them: no tumble-down picturesque; which, to tell you the truth, the artist usually availed himself of to veil his incapacity for drawing architecture.
Only one point the Government could gain, and that was a name.
Only one sergeant ran to a machine-gun and began to set it going; but a tall young man, an officer too, ran out of the ranks and dragged him back by the collar; and the soldiers stood there motionless while the horror-stricken crowd, nearly wholly unarmed (for most of the armed men had fallen in that first discharge), drifted out of the Square.
Only organic beings of certai classes can be preserved in a fossil condition, at least in any grea number.
Only tell me if I was wrong.
Only the last two figures need be marked.
Only think how useful he was at Sotherton! Only think what grand things were produced there by our all going with him one hot day in August to drive about the grounds, and see his genius take fire.
Only think, my dear Sir Thomas, what extraordinary advantages you and I have been the means of giving her.
Only those variations which are in some way profitable wil be preserved or naturally selected.
Only, mind you, good mowing requires some little skill.
Open that bundle, old Joe, and let me know the value of it.
Open the bundle, Joe.
Opposite me sat Clara and Ellen, with Dick's place open between them: they were smiling, but their beautiful faces were each turned towards the neighbours on either side, who were talking to them, and they did not seem to see me.
Opposite to it was a wide space of greenery, without any wall or fence of any kind.
Opposition was vain; and as to Mrs. Norris, he was mistaken in supposing she would wish to make any.
Or again, if w take an organ common to all the members of a class, for in this latter cas the organ must have been originally formed at a remote period, since whic all the many members of the class have been developed; and in order t discover the early transitional grades through which the organ has passed we should have to look to very ancient ancestral forms, long since becom extinct.
Or atmosphere, or the atmospheric fluid which we breathe.
Or exhaustion.
Or only  third, fifth, or tenth part of the individuals may have been thus affected of which fact several instances could be given.
Or th case may be put in another way, and it may be said, that in the large genera, in which a number of varieties or incipient species greater tha the average are now manufacturing, many of the species already manufacture still to a certain extent resemble varieties, for they differ from eac other by a less than the usual amount of difference.
Or to state the case in another manner:  the points in which al the species of a genus resemble each other, and in which they differ fro allied genera, are called generic characters; and these characters may b attributed to inheritance from a common progenitor, for it can rarely hav happened that natural selection will have modified several distinc species, fitted to more or less widely different habits, in exactly th same manner:  and as these so-called generic characters have been inherite from before the period when the several species first branched off fro their common progenitor, and subsequently have not varied or come to diffe in any degree, or only in a slight degree, it is not probable that the should vary at the present day.
Or, again, the wolves inhabiting a mountainou district, and those frequenting the lowlands, would naturally be forced t hunt different prey; and from the continued preservation of the individual best fitted for the two sites, two varieties might slowly be formed.
Or, again, we may compare the production of South America south of latitude 35 degrees with those north of 2 degrees, which consequently are separated by a space of ten degrees o latitude, and are exposed to considerably different conditions; yet the are incomparably more closely related to each other than they are to th productions of Australia or Africa under nearly the same climate.
Or, and this will be a far commoner case, two or three specie in two or three alone of the six older genera will be the parents of th new genera:  the other species and the other old genera having becom utterly extinct.
Or, secondly, that each breed, even the purest, ha within a dozen, or at most within a score, of generations, been crossed b the rock-pigeon:  I say within a dozen or twenty generations, for n instance is known of crossed descendants reverting to an ancestor o foreign blood, removed by a greater number of generations.
Organs in a rudimentary condition plainly show that an early progenitor ha the organ in a fully developed condition, and this in some cases implies a enormous amount of modification in the descendants.
Organs in this condition will always be somewhat rare for beings thus provided will commonly have been supplanted by thei successors with the same organ in a more perfect state, and consequentl will have become long ago extinct.
Organs now of trifling importance have probably in some cases been of hig importance to an early progenitor, and, after having been slowly perfecte at a former period, have been transmitted to existing species in nearly th same state, although now of very slight use; but any actually injuriou deviations in their structure would of course have been checked by natura selection.
Organs or parts in this strange condition, bearing the plain stamp o inutility, are extremely common, or even general, throughout nature.
Organs originally formed by the aid of natural selection, when rendered useles may well be variable, for their variations can no longer be checked b natural selection.
Othe authors have thus hypothetically bridged over every ocean, and unite almost every island with some mainland.
Othe highly competent judges, as Lyell and E. Forbes, have disputed thi conclusion.
Other analogous facts could be given.
Other and unknown agencies probably have also played a part.
Other cases could be added, as the relatio between the extinct and living land-shells of Madeira; and between th extinct and living brackish water-shells of the Aralo-Caspian Sea.
Other have objected that the term selection implies conscious choice in th animals which become modified; and it has even been urged that, as plant have no volition, natural selection is not applicable to them!  In th literal sense of the word, no doubt, natural selection is a false term; bu who ever objected to chemists speaking of the elective affinities of th various elements? - and yet an acid cannot strictly be said to elect th base with which it in preference combines.
Other preparations were also in hand.
Other similar cases could b given; for instance in plants, the very curious contrivance of a mass o pollen-grains, borne on a foot-stalk with an adhesive gland, is apparentl the same in Orchis and Asclepias, genera almost as remote as is possibl among flowering plants; but here again the parts are not homologous.
Others believe that the shape of the pelvis in the human mothe influences by pressure the shape of the head of the child.
Others had their hour; and of lesser matters, none returned so often, or remained so long between them, as Mansfield Park, a description of the people, the manners, the amusements, the ways of Mansfield Park.
Ou classifications will come to be, as far as they can be so made genealogies; and will then truly give what may be called the plan o creation.
Ou continents seem to have been formed by a preponderance, during man oscillations of level, of the force of elevation.
Our Agatha was inimitable, and the duke was thought very great by many.
Our chief object will be to se whether or not these laws indicate that species have been specially endowe with this quality, in order to prevent their crossing and blending togethe in utter confusion.
Our classifications are often plainly influenced by chains of affinities.
Our company is now so dispersed, from the Crawfords being gone home, that nothing more can be done to-night; but if you will give us the honour of your company to-morrow evening, I should not be afraid of the result.
Our confidences in you need not clash.
Our familiarit with the larger domestic animals tends, I think, to mislead us; we see n great destruction falling on them, and we do not keep in mind tha thousands are annually slaughtered for food, and that in a state of natur an equal number would have somehow to be disposed of.
Our forefathers, in the first clearing of the slums, were not in a hurry to pull down the houses in what was called at the end of the nineteenth century the business quarter of the town, and what later got to be known as the Swindling Kens.
Our friend says that from that sleep he awoke once more, and afterwards went through such surprising adventures that he thinks that they should be told to our comrades, and indeed the public in general, and therefore proposes to tell them now.
Our guest here has still some questions to ask me.
Our ignorance of the laws of variation is profound.
Our oldest cultivated plants, such as wheat, stil yield new varieties:  our oldest domesticated animals are still capable o rapid improvement or modification.
Our weather must not always be judged by the calendar.
Ours has enough of such coins, besides a fair number of earlier ones, many of which are beautiful, whereas these nineteenth century ones are so beastly ugly, ain't they? We have a piece of Edward III., with the king in a ship, and little leopards and fleurs-de-lys all along the gunwale, so delicately worked.
Out of a hundred kinds of seeds or animals transported t an island, even if far less well-stocked than Britain, perhaps not mor than one would be so well fitted to its new home, as to become naturalised.
Out of the hundred shells twenty-seve recovered.
Over all these causes of change, the accumulative action of selection whether applied methodically and quickly, or unconsciously and slowly, bu more efficiently, seems to have been the predominant power.
Over the parapet showed quaint and fanciful little buildings, which I supposed to be booths or shops, beset with painted and gilded vanes and spirelets.
Owing t the high geometrical rate of increase of all organic beings, each area i already fully stocked with inhabitants, and it follows from this, that a the favoured forms increase in number, so, generally, will the les favoured decrease and become rare.
Owing to suc adaptations the similarity of the larvae of allied animals is sometime greatly obscured; especially when there is a division of labour during th different stages of development, as when the same larva has during on stage to search for food, and during another stage has to search for  place of attachment.
Owing to the divergent tendency of natura selection, the extreme amount of difference in character between specie a14 and z14 will be much greater than that between the most distinct of th original eleven species.
Owing to this struggle, variations, however slight an from whatever cause proceeding, if they be in any degree profitable to th individuals of a species, in their infinitely complex relations to othe organic beings and to their physical conditions of life, will tend to th preservation of such individuals, and will generally be inherited by th offspring.
Part of the tube of the marine barometer must be very much contracted to prevent pumping, and the motion of the ship would render it impracticable to adjust the mercury in the cister to the zero point.
Passing from these difficulties, the other great leading facts i palaeontology agree admirably with the theory of descent with modificatio through variation and natural selection.
Passing through the wall of mud and stone, they found a cheerful company assembled round a glowing fire.
Past the Broadway there were fewer houses on either side.
Past the Docks eastward and landward it is all flat pasture, once marsh, except for a few gardens, and there are very few permanent dwellings there: scarcely anything but a few sheds, and cots for the men who come to look after the great herds of cattle pasturing there.
Paul's, and I should be as glad of your nurseryman and poulterer as you could be.
Paul's.
Paul; and anon, complete his own portrait with one of those touches of pitiless realism which the satirist so often seeks in vain.
Pedunculated cirripedes have two minute folds o skin, called by me the ovigerous frena, which serve, through the means of  sticky secretion, to retain the eggs until they are hatched within th sack.
People are apt to gather here rather thick, for they like the romance of the wood; and naturalists haunt it, too; for it is a wild spot even here, what there is of it; for it does not go far to the south: it goes from here northward and west right over Paddington and a little way down Notting Hill: thence it runs north-east to Primrose Hill, and so on; rather a narrow strip of it gets through Kingsland to Stoke-Newington and Clapton, where it spreads out along the heights above the Lea marshes; on the other side of which, as you know, is Epping Forest holding out a hand to it.
People flocked into the country villages, and, so to say, flung themselves upon the freed land like a wild beast upon his prey; and in a very little time the villages of England were more populous than they had been since the fourteenth century, and were still growing fast.
People found out what they were fit for, and gave up attempting to push themselves into occupations in which they must needs fail.
Perhaps I have as yet no right; but by what other name can I call you? Do you suppose you are ever present to my imagination under any other? No, it is 'Fanny' that I think of all day, and dream of all night.
Perhaps I have not been kind to you, not quite considerate, too harsh; my boy, it was not for want of love.
Perhaps I may be to stay longer.
Perhaps Paraguay offers the most curious instance of this; fo here neither cattle nor horses nor dogs have ever run wild, though the swarm southward and northward in a feral state; and Azara and Rengger hav shown that this is caused by the greater number in Paraguay of a certai fly, which lays its eggs in the navels of these animals when first born.
Perhaps it is best for me, since it leaves me so little to regret.
Perhaps it must be so.
Perhaps some of those who make much use of instruments rather undervalue popular knowledge, and are reluctant to admit that 'wise saw' may be valuable as well as a 'modern instance;' while less informed persons who use weather-glasses unskilfully too often draw from them erroneous conclusions, and then blame the barometer.
Perhaps th first pouter-pigeon did not inflate its crop much more than the turbit no does the upper part of its oesophagus - a habit which is disregarded by al fanciers, as it is not one of the points of the breed.
Perhaps the correc way of viewing the whole subject would be, to look at the inheritance o every character whatever as the rule, and non-inheritance as the anomaly.
Perhaps the parent bird o all fantails had only fourteen tail-feathers somewhat expanded, like th present Java fantail, or like individuals of other and distinct breeds, i which as many as seventeen tail-feathers have been counted.
Perhaps to break the truth to her? Why, ten to one, such was her infatuation, he would fail.
Perhaps to keep up the illusion, to colour the raw facts; to help her to false ideas, while yet not plainly stating falsehoods? Well, he would see about that; he would also see about avoiding the girl.
Perhaps you are not so much aware as I am of the mischief that may, of the unpleasantness that must arise from a young man's being received in this manner: domesticated among us; authorised to come at all hours, and placed suddenly on a footing which must do away all restraints.
Perhaps you may persuade her.
Perhaps you would like some tea as soon as it can be got.
Perhaps, Scrooge could not have told anybody why, if anybody could have asked him; but he had a special desire to see the Spirit in his cap; and begged him to be covered.
Perhaps, too, he felt it wiser to keep his convoy within sight.
Persuade him to let things take their course.
Petrels are the most aerial and oceanic of birds, but, in the quiet sound of Tierra del Fuego, the Puffinuria berardi, in its general habits, in it astonishing power of diving, in its manner of swimming and of flying whe made to take flight, would be mistaken by any one for an auk or a grebe nevertheless, it is essentially a petrel, but with many parts of it organisation profoundly modified in relation to its new habits of life whereas the woodpecker of La Plata has had its structure only slightl modified.
Physiologists believe that the brain must be bathed b warm blood to be highly active, and this requires aerial respiration; s that warm-blooded mammals when inhabiting the water lie under  disadvantage in having to come continually to the surface to breathe.
Pictet gives as a well-know instance, the general resemblance of the organic remains from the severa stages of the Chalk formation, though the species are distinct in eac stage.
Piercing, searching, biting cold.
Pigeons can be mated for life, an this is a great convenience to the fancier, for thus many races may b improved and kept true, though mingled in the same aviary; and thi circumstance must have largely favoured the formation of new breeds.
Pigeons, I may add, can be propagated in great numbers and at a very quic rate, and inferior birds may be freely rejected, as when killed they serv for food.
Pleasant, good-humoured, unaffected girls.
Pleasantly, courteously, it was spoken; but the manner was lost in the matter to Julia's feelings.
Pondering on what the Ghost had said, he did so now, but without lifting up his eyes, or getting off his knees.
Poor Bob sat down in it, and when he had thought a little and composed himself, he kissed the little face.
Poor Dick flailed and flailed at the pony, and once tried to whistle, but his courage was going down; huge clouds of despair gathered together in his soul, and from time to time their darkness was divided by a piercing flash of longing and regret.
Poor Dick, poor Dick.
Poor Fanny! though going as she did willingly and eagerly, the last evening at Mansfield Park must still be wretchedness.
Poor Fanny's mind was thrown into the most distressing of all its varieties.
Poor Janet has been sadly taken in, and yet there was nothing improper on her side: she did not run into the match inconsiderately; there was no want of foresight.
Poor Julia, the only one out of the nine not tolerably satisfied with their lot, was now in a state of complete penance, and as different from the Julia of the barouche-box as could well be imagined.
Poor Mary little thought it would be such a bone of contention when she gave it me to keep, only two hours before she died.
Poor Miss Sneyd.
Poor Mr. Norris's indifferent state of health made it an impossibility: he could no more bear the noise of a child than he could fly; if, indeed, he should ever get well of his gouty complaints, it would be a different matter: she should then be glad to take her turn, and think nothing of the inconvenience; but just now, poor Mr. Norris took up every moment of her time, and the very mention of such a thing she was sure would distract him.
Poor Sir Thomas will feel it dreadfully.
Poor Sir Thomas, who was glad to see you? Yet, Fanny, do not imagine I would now speak disrespectfully of Sir Thomas, though I certainly did hate him for many a week.
Poor Susan was very little better fitted for home than her elder sister; and as Fanny grew thoroughly to understand this, she began to feel that when her own release from Portsmouth came, her happiness would have a material drawback in leaving Susan behind.
Poor Tom! I am quite grieved for him, and very much frightened, and so is Sir Thomas; and how glad I should be if you were here to comfort me.
Poor fellow! I see him now - his toil and his despair.
Poor little Betsey; how cross Susan is to you! But you should not have taken it out, my dear, when I sent you to the drawer.
Poor little soul! she could but just speak to be heard, and she said so prettily, 'Let sister Susan have my knife, mama, when I am dead and buried.' Poor little dear! she was so fond of it, Fanny, that she would have it lay by her in bed, all through her illness.
Poor little sweet creature! Well, she was taken away from evil to come.
Poor thing! She found it hot enough; but they were so full-blown that one could not wait.
Poor woman! she probably thought change of air might agree with many of her children.
Poor young man! If he is to die, there will be two poor young men less in the world; and with a fearless face and bold voice would I say to any one, that wealth and consequence could fall into no hands more deserving of them.
Portsmouth was Portsmouth; Mansfield was home.
Possibl these several differences may be connected with the different flow o nutriment towards the central and external flowers.
Post-captains may be very good sort of men, but they do not belong to us.
Poulterers' and grocers' trades became a splendid joke: a glorious pageant, with which it was next to impossible to believe that such dull principles as bargain and sale had anything to do.
Poverty is exactly what I have determined against.
Practically, when a naturalist can unite by means of intermediate links an two forms, he treats the one as a variety of the other, ranking the mos common, but sometimes the one first described as the species, and the othe as the variety.
Practically, when naturalists are at work, they do not trouble themselve about the physiological value of the characters which they use in definin a group or in allocating any particular species.
Pray write to her, if it be only a line.
Pray, what is Henry going for? Fanny protested her ignorance as steadily as her embarrassment allowed.
Prayers were always read in it by the domestic chaplain, within the memory of many; but the late Mr. Rushworth left it off.
Present distribution cannot be accounted for by differences in physica conditions  -  Importance of barriers  -  Affinity of the productions of th same continent  -  Centres of creation  -  Means of dispersal by changes o climate and of the level of the land, and by occasional means  -  Dispersa during the Glacial period  -  Alternate Glacial periods in the North an South.
Presently I insisted on taking the sculls, and I rowed a good deal that day; which no doubt accounts for the fact that we got very late to the place which Dick had aimed at.
Presently we came to Day's Lock, where Dick and his two sitters had waited for us.
Presently we saw before us a bank of elm-trees, which told us of a house amidst them, though I looked in vain for the grey walls that I expected to see there.
Pride, wounded honour, pity and respect tussled together daily in his heart; and now he was within an ace of throwing himself upon his father's mercy, and now of slipping forth at night and coming back no more to Naseby House.
Probably Miss Crawford will choose the barouche-box herself.
Probably in no single instance should we know what to do.
Probably, from what I have told you before, you will have a guess at the remedy for such a disaster; remembering always that many of the things which used to be produced - slave-wares for the poor and mere wealth-wasting wares for the rich - ceased to be made.
Professo Braun mentions a Fumariaceous genus, in which the flowers in the lower par of the spike bear oval, ribbed, one-seeded nutlets; and in the upper par of the spike, lanceolate, two-valved and two-seeded siliques.
Professo Owen soon perceived that the tooth, though so like that of the existin horse, belonged to an extinct species.
Professor Cope states that the teet of certain lizards change much in shape with advancing years.
Professor Henslo kept in confinement some harvest mice (Mus messorius) which do not posses a structurally prehensive tail; but he frequently observed that they curle their tails round the branches of a bush placed in the cage, and thus aide themselves in climbing.
Professor Owen, also, seems to have come to a nearl similar conclusion.
Professor Pictet, in hi excellent Review of this work, in commenting on early transitional forms and taking birds as an illustration, cannot see how the successiv modifications of the anterior limbs of a supposed prototype could possibl have been of any advantage.
Professor Ramsay has given me the maximum thickness, from actua measurement in most cases, of the successive formations in DIFFERENT part of Great Britain; and this is the result.
Professor Ramsay has published an account of a downthrow i Anglesea of 2,300 feet; and he informs me that he fully believes that ther is one in Merionethshire of 12,000 feet; yet in these cases there i nothing on the surface of the land to show such prodigious movements; th pile of rocks on either side of the crack having been smoothly swept away.
Psychology will be securely based on the foundation already well laid by Mr. Herbert Spencer, that of the necessary acquirement of each mental powe and capacity by gradation.
Pure species have of course their organs of reproduction in a perfec condition, yet when intercrossed they produce either few or no offspring.
Quiet and dark, beside him stood the Phantom, with its outstretched hand.
Quiet.
Quite a number of well-to-do people were now compelled to seek relief of them.
Quite alone in the world, I do believe.
Quite satisfied, he closed his door, and locked himself in; double-locked himself in, which was not his custom.
Quite unlike his usual self, he scarcely said anything.
Ramsay and Whitake have shown, and the observation is a most striking one, that the grea lines of escarpment in the Wealden district and those ranging acros England, which formerly were looked at as ancient sea-coasts, cannot hav been thus formed, for each line is composed of one and the same formation while our sea-cliffs are everywhere formed by the intersection of variou formations.
Rare species, and each species will become rare i the number of species in any country becomes indefinitely increased, will on the principal often explained, present within a given period fe favourable variations; consequently, the process of giving birth to ne specific forms would thus be retarded.
Rarity, as geology tells us, is th precursor to extinction.
Read only the first act aloud to either your mother or aunt, and see how you can approve it.
Really, I like those that I have met prodigiously.
Really, it is about time for you to take to some open-air work, so that you may clear away the cobwebs from your brain.
Reason tells me, that if numerou gradations from a simple and imperfect eye to one complex and perfect ca be shown to exist, each grade being useful to its possessor, as i certainly the case; if further, the eye ever varies and the variations b inherited, as is likewise certainly the case; and if such variations shoul be useful to any animal under changing conditions of life, then th difficulty of believing that a perfect and complex eye could be formed b natural selection, though insuperable by our imagination, should not b considered as subversive of the theory.
Recapitulation of the objections to the theory of Natural Selection  - Recapitulation of the general and special circumstances in its favour - Causes of the general belief in the immutability of species  -  How far th theory of Natural Selection may be extended  -  Effects of its adoption o the study of Natural History  -  Concluding remarks.
Recent form are generally looked upon as being, on the whole, higher in the scale o organisation than ancient forms; and they must be higher, in so far as th later and more improved forms have conquered the older and less improve forms in the struggle for life; they have also generally had their organ more specialised for different functions.
Reflecting and doubting, and feeling that the possession of what she had so much wished for did not bring much satisfaction, she now walked home again, with a change rather than a diminution of cares since her treading that path before.
Reflecting on this case, it occurred to me that if the Melipona had mad its spheres at some given distance from each other, and had made them o equal sizes and had arranged them symmetrically in a double layer, th resulting structure would have been as perfect as the comb of the hive-bee.
Remarkable clearness is a bad sign.
Remarkable clearness of atmosphere, near the horizon; distant objects such as hills, unusually visible; or raised (by refraction); and what is called a good hearing day may be mentioned among signs of wet, if not wind, to be expected.
Remember that, Fanny.
Remember that, and charge their doings on themselves, not us.
Remember that, my dear brother.
Remember, again, that poverty is extinct, and that the Fourierist phalangsteries and all their kind, as was but natural at the time, implied nothing but a refuge from mere destitution.
Remember, wherever you are, you must be the lowest and last; and though Miss Crawford is in a manner at home at the Parsonage, you are not to be taking place of her.
Returning to the whales.
Reverse the operation when descending.
Revolution having brought its foredoomed change about, how can you prevent the counter-revolution from setting in except by making people happy? What! shall we expect peace and stability from unhappiness? The gathering of grapes from thorns and figs from thistles is a reasonable expectation compared with that! And happiness without happy daily work is impossible.
Richard Naseby read the whole thing from beginning to end; and a crushing shame fell upon his spirit.
Richard groaned under it; he longed to leap forward and denounce the humbug.
Richard would have given his ears to have suppressed the issue; but as that could not be done, he had his horse saddled, and furnishing himself with a convenient staff, rode off at once to Thymebury.
Robert Brown ha strongly insisted on the fact that the position of the rudimentary floret is of the highest importance in the classification of the Grasses.
Robert patted her on the head in a friendly manner; and we fell to on our breakfast, which was simple enough, but most delicately cooked, and set on the table with much daintiness.
Rollin asserts that the common mule from the ass and horse i particularly apt to have bars on its legs; according to Mr. Gosse, i certain parts of the United States, about nine out of ten mules hav striped legs.
Romantic as this Kensington wood was, however, it was not lonely.
Roy.
Rudimentary organs in the individuals of the same species are very liabl to vary in the degree of their development and in other respects.
Rudimentary organs may be compared with the letters in a word, stil retained in the spelling, but become useless in the pronunciation, bu which serve as a clue for its derivation.
Rudimentary organs may be utterly aborted; and this implies, that i certain animals or plants, parts are entirely absent which analogy woul lead us to expect to find in them, and which are occasionally found i monstrous individuals.
Rudimentary organs sometimes retai their potentiality:  this occasionally occurs with the mammae of mal mammals, which have been known to become well developed and to secret milk.
Rudimentary organs will speak infallibly with respec to the nature of long-lost structures.
Rudimentary organs, from bein useless, are not regulated by natural selection, and hence are variable.
Rudimentary organs, on the othe hand, are either quite useless, such as teeth which never cut through th gums, or almost useless, such as the wings of an ostrich, which serv merely as sails.
Rudimentary parts, as is generally admitted, are apt to be highly variable.
Rudimentary structures on this view ar as good as, or even sometimes better than other parts of the organisation.
Rumour, in this instance, did no more than justice to the truth; and over the sickbed many confidences were exchanged, and clouds that had been growing for years passed away in a few hours, and as fond mankind loves to hope, for ever.
Run and get ready, Esther.
S in hybrids themselves, there are some which never have produced, an probably never would produce, even with the pollen of the pure parents,  single fertile seed:  but in some of these cases a first trace of fertilit may be detected, by the pollen of one of the pure parent-species causin the flower of the hybrid to wither earlier than it otherwise would hav done; and the early withering of the flower is well known to be a sign o incipient fertilisation.
S with plants, the seeds of the different varieties of the bean or maiz probably differ more in size than do the seeds of the distinct species i any one genus in the same two families.
Said his sister's angel to the leader 'Is my brother come? And he said, 'Not that one, but another.
Said his sister's angel to the leader.
Said his sister's angel to the leader: 'Is my brother come? And he said, 'Nay, but his maiden daughter.
Salt-water fish can with care b slowly accustomed to live in fresh water; and, according to Valenciennes there is hardly a single group of which all the members are confined t fresh water, so that a marine species belonging to a fresh-water grou might travel far along the shores of the sea, and could, it is probable become adapted without much difficulty to the fresh waters of a distan land.
Sam, loud and overbearing as he was, she rather regretted when he went, for he was clever and intelligent, and glad to be employed in any errand in the town; and though spurning the remonstrances of Susan, given as they were, though very reasonable in themselves, with ill-timed and powerless warmth, was beginning to be influenced by Fanny's services and gentle persuasions; and she found that the best of the three younger ones was gone in him: Tom and Charles being at least as many years as they were his juniors distant from that age of feeling and reason, which might suggest the expediency of making friends, and of endeavouring to be less disagreeable.
Satisfied that the cause was now on a footing the most proper and hopeful, Sir Thomas resolved to abstain from all farther importunity with his niece, and to shew no open interference.
Savages now sometimes cros their dogs with wild canine animals, to improve the breed, and the formerly did so, as is attested by passages in Pliny.
Say it is thus with what you show me! The Spirit was immovable as ever.
Say no more about it.
Say no more against it, I entreat you.
Say not a word of it; hear nothing, surmise nothing, whisper nothing till I write again.
Say that his power lies in words and looks; in things so slight and insignificant that it is impossible to add and count 'em up: what then? The happiness he gives, is quite as great as if it cost a fortune.
Say that, on examining the part, you feel yourself unequal to it; that you find it requiring more exertion and confidence than you can be supposed to have.
Say this with firmness, and it will be quite enough.
Say what you would, Fanny, it should be that; for I never knew such exquisite happiness in any other.
Says our friend: Considering the subject, the discussion was good-tempered; for those present being used to public meetings and after-lecture debates, if they did not listen to each others' opinions (which could scarcely be expected of them), at all events did not always attempt to speak all together, as is the custom of people in ordinary polite society when conversing on a subject which interests them.
Scarcely any fact struck me more when examining man hundred miles of the South American coasts, which have been upraise several hundred feet within the recent period, than the absence of an recent deposits sufficiently extensive to last for even a short geologica period.
Scarcely any palaeontological discovery is more striking than the fact tha the forms of life change almost simultaneously throughout the world.
Scarcely had he done regretting Mary Crawford, and observing to Fanny how impossible it was that he should ever meet with such another woman, before it began to strike him whether a very different kind of woman might not do just as well, or a great deal better: whether Fanny herself were not growing as dear, as important to him in all her smiles and all her ways, as Mary Crawford had ever been; and whether it might not be a possible, an hopeful undertaking to persuade her that her warm and sisterly regard for him would be foundation enough for wedded love.
Schiodte believes, i opposition to some other naturalists, that the Pleuronectidae are not quit symmetrical even in the embryo; and if this be so, we could understand ho it is that certain species, while young, habitually fall over and rest o the left side, and other species on the right side.
Science has not as yet proved the truth of thi belief, whatever the future may reveal.
Scrambling through some rough woods, he came out upon a moorland reaching towards the hills.
Scrooge and the Phantom came into the presence of this man, just as a woman with a heavy bundle slunk into the shop.
Scrooge asked the question, because he didn't know whether a ghost so transparent might find himself in a condition to take a chair; and felt that in the event of its being impossible, it might involve the necessity of an embarrassing explanation.
Scrooge closed the window, and examined the door by which the Ghost had entered.
Scrooge could not feel it himself, but this was clearly the case; for though the Ghost sat perfectly motionless, its hair, and skirts, and tassels, were still agitated as by the hot vapour from an oven.
Scrooge crept towards it, trembling as he went; and following the finger, read upon the stone of the neglected grave his own name, Ebenezer Scrooge.
Scrooge expressed himself much obliged, but could not help thinking that a night of unbroken rest would have been more conducive to that end.
Scrooge followed in the shadow of its dress, which bore him up, he thought, and carried him along.
Scrooge followed to the window: desperate in his curiosity.
Scrooge glanced towards the Phantom.
Scrooge had a very small fire, but the clerk's fire was so very much smaller that it looked like one coal.
Scrooge had often heard it said that Marley had no bowels, but he had never believed it until now.
Scrooge hastened to the window of his office, and looked in.
Scrooge hung his head to hear his own words quoted by the Spirit, and was overcome with penitence and grief.
Scrooge knew he was dead? Of course he did.
Scrooge knew the men, and looked towards the Spirit for an explanation.
Scrooge knew this, by the smart sound its teeth made, when the jaws were brought together by the bandage.
Scrooge listened again, thinking that the explanation might lie here.
Scrooge listened to this dialogue in horror.
Scrooge looked about him for the Ghost, and saw it not.
Scrooge looked at the Ghost, and with a mournful shaking of his head, glanced anxiously towards the door.
Scrooge never painted out old Marley's name.
Scrooge promised that he would; and they went on, invisible, as they had been before, into the suburbs of the town.
Scrooge resumed his labours with an improved opinion of himself, and in a more facetious temper than was usual with him.
Scrooge said he knew it.
Scrooge said that he would see him - yes, indeed he did.
Scrooge sat with his door wide open, that he might see him come into the Tank.
Scrooge shivered, and wiped the perspiration from his brow.
Scrooge signed it.
Scrooge stopped.
Scrooge then remembered to have heard that ghosts in haunted houses were described as dragging chains.
Scrooge took his melancholy dinner in his usual melancholy tavern; and having read all the newspapers, and beguiled the rest of the evening with his banker's-book, went home to bed.
Scrooge was at first inclined to be surprised that the Spirit should attach importance to conversations apparently so trivial; but feeling assured that they must have some hidden purpose, he set himself to consider what it was likely to be.
Scrooge was his sole executor, his sole administrator, his sole assign, his sole residuary legatee, his sole friend and sole mourner.
Scrooge was not a man to be frightened by echoes.
Scrooge was the Ogre of the family.
Scrooge went to bed again, and thought, and thought, and thought it over and over, and over, and could make nothing of it.
Scrooge's countenance fell almost as low as the Ghost's had done.
Seamen call the light sails, used only in very fine weather flying kites.
Secondary sexual characters are highly variable, and suc characters differ much in the species of the same group.
Secondly, areas now continuous must often have existed within the recen period as isolated portions, in which many forms, more especially among th classes which unite for each birth and wander much, may have separatel been rendered sufficiently distinct to rank as representative species.
Secondly, that although an English carrier or  short-faced tumbler differs immensely in certain characters from th rock-pigeon, yet that by comparing the several sub-breeds of these tw races, more especially those brought from distant countries, we can make between them and the rock-pigeon, an almost perfect series; so we can i some other cases, but not with all the breeds.
Secondly, that the eggs are remarkabl small, not exceeding those of the skylark - a bird about one-fourth as larg as the cuckoo.
Secrecy could not have been more desirable for Mrs. Rushworth's credit than he felt it for his own.
Secrets that few would like to scrutinise were bred and hidden in mountains of unseemly rags, masses of corrupted fat, and sepulchres of bones.
See ho different the leaves of the cabbage are, and how extremely alike th flowers; how unlike the flowers of the heartsease are, and how alike th leaves; how much the fruit of the different kinds of gooseberries differ i size, colour, shape, and hairiness, and yet the flowers present very sligh differences.
See how the river has changed character again: it is broad now, and the reaches are long and very slow-running.
See! A light shone from the window of a hut, and swiftly they advanced towards it.
Seedlings, also, are destroyed in vas numbers by various enemies; for instance, on a piece of ground three fee long and two wide, dug and cleared, and where there could be no chokin from other plants, I marked all the seedlings of our native weeds as the came up, and out of 357 no less than 295 were destroyed, chiefly by slug and insects.
Seeds may be occasionally transported in another manner.
Seeing Dick's cheeks reddening a little at this sally, and noting that silence followed, I thought I had better do something.
Seeing how important an organ of locomotion the tail is in mos aquatic animals, its general presence and use for many purposes in so man land animals, which in their lungs or modified swim-bladders betray thei aquatic origin, may perhaps be thus accounted for.
Seeing so many people made me notice their looks the more; and I must say, my taste, cultivated in the sombre greyness, or rather brownness, of the nineteenth century, was rather apt to condemn the gaiety and brightness of the raiment; and I even ventured to say as much to Clara.
Seeing that a few members of such water-breathing classes as the Crustace and Mollusca are adapted to live on the land; and seeing that we hav flying birds and mammals, flying insects of the most diversified types, an formerly had flying reptiles, it is conceivable that flying-fish, which no glide far through the air, slightly rising and turning by the aid of thei fluttering fins, might have been modified into perfectly winged animals.
Seeing that individual differences of the same kin perpetually recur, this can hardly be considered as an unwarrantabl assumption.
Seeing, for instance, that th oldest known mammals, reptiles, and fishes strictly belong to their prope classes, though some of these old forms are in a slight degree les distinct from each other than are the typical members of the same groups a the present day, it would be vain to look for animals having the commo embryological character of the Vertebrata, until beds rich in fossils ar discovered far beneath the lowest Cambrian strata - a discovery of which th chance is small.
Selfish and ungrateful! to have appeared so to him! She was miserable for ever.
Selfishly dear as she had long been to Lady Bertram, she could not be parted with willingly by her.
Selfishness must always be forgiven, you know, because there is no hope of a cure.
Serious as these several objections are, in my judgment they are by n means sufficient to overthrow the theory of descent with subsequen modification.
Servants are come to such a pass, my dear, in Portsmouth, that it is quite a miracle if one keeps them more than half a year.
Settle it as you like; say what is proper; I am sure you will feel such an instance of his kindness at such a moment! Do justice to his meaning, however I may confuse it.
Seven hundred a year is a fine thing for a younger brother; and as of course he will still live at home, it will be all for his menus plaisirs; and a sermon at Christmas and Easter, I suppose, will be the sum total of sacrifice.
Seven weeks of the two months were very nearly gone, when the one letter, the letter from Edmund, so long expected, was put into Fanny's hands.
Severa families of crustaceans include a few species, possessing an air-breathin apparatus and fitted to live out of the water.
Several cases are on record of the same species presenting varieties in th upper and lower parts of the same formation.
Several cases could als be adduced of occasional and strange habits in wild animals, which, i advantageous to the species, might have given rise, through natura selection, to new instincts.
Several considerations, however, render the fertility of domestic varietie less remarkable.
Several eminent breeders, during a singl lifetime, have so largely modified some of the higher animals, whic propagate their kind much more slowly than most of the lower animals, tha they have formed what well deserves to be called a new sub-breed.
Several eminent geologists, with Sir R. Murchison a their head, were until recently convinced that we beheld in the organi remains of the lowest Silurian stratum the first dawn of life.
Several eminent naturalists have of late published their belief that  multitude of reputed species in each genus are not real species; but tha other species are real, that is, have been independently created.
Several experienced ornithologists consider our British red grouse as onl a strongly marked race of a Norwegian species, whereas the greater numbe rank it as an undoubted species peculiar to Great Britain.
Several facts in distribution - such as the grea difference in the marine faunas on the opposite sides of almost ever continent - the close relation of the tertiary inhabitants of several land and even seas to their present inhabitants - the degree of affinity betwee the mammals inhabiting islands with those of the nearest continent, bein in part determined (as we shall hereafter see) by the depth of th intervening ocean - these and other such facts are opposed to the admissio of such prodigious geographical revolutions within the recent period, a are necessary on the view advanced by Forbes and admitted by his followers.
Several of the bes botanists, such as Mr. Bentham and others, have strongly insisted on thei arbitrary value.
Several of the plants, such as the cardoon and a tal thistle, which are now the commonest over the wide plains of La Plata clothing square leagues of surface almost to the exclusion of every othe plant, have been introduced from Europe; and there are plants which no range in India, as I hear from Dr. Falconer, from Cape Comorin to th Himalaya, which have been imported from America since its discovery.
Several other equally striking cases could be given.
Several other less distinct breeds might be specified.
Several other points of resemblance between instincts and habits could b pointed out.
Several other singular rules could be given from Gartner:  for instance some species have a remarkable power of crossing with other species; othe species of the same genus have a remarkable power of impressing thei likeness on their hybrid offspring; but these two powers do not at al necessarily go together.
Several plants belonging to distinct orders habitually produce flowers o two kinds - the one open, of the ordinary structure, the other closed an imperfect.
Several plants belonging to distinct orders presen two forms, which exist in about equal numbers and which differ in n respect except in their reproductive organs; one form having a long pisti with short stamens, the other a short pistil with long stamens; the tw having differently sized pollen-grains.
Several plants habitually produce two kinds o flowers; one kind open and coloured so as to attract insects; the othe closed, not coloured, destitute of nectar, and never visited by insects.
Several writers have misapprehended or objected to the term Natura Selection.
Several years ago I was much struck by a remark to the above effect made b Mr. Waterhouse.
Sexual selection has given the most brilliant colours elegant patterns, and other ornaments to the males, and sometimes to bot sexes of many birds, butterflies and other animals.
Sexual selection is therefore, less rigorous than natural selection.
Sexual selection will also giv characters useful to the males alone in their struggles or rivalry wit other males; and these characters will be transmitted to one sex or to bot sexes, according to the form of inheritance which prevails.
Sexual selection, by always allowing the victor to breed, migh surely give indomitable courage, length of spur, and strength to the win to strike in the spurred leg, in nearly the same manner as does the bruta cockfighter by the careful selection of his best cocks.
Shall I tell you how Mrs. Rushworth looked when your name was mentioned? I did not use to think her wanting in self-possession, but she had not quite enough for the demands of yesterday.
Shall we commit such a folly, then? Remember Jesus had got the legal penalty remitted before he said 'Go and sin no more.' Let alone that in a society of equals you will not find any one to play the part of torturer or jailer, though many to act as nurse or doctor.
Sharp is the word, you see! By G - , you are just in time! The doctor has been here inquiring for you: he has got one of the boats, and is to be off for Spithead by six, so you had better go with him.
Shaving was not an easy task, for his hand continued to shake very much; and shaving requires attention, even when you don't dance while you are at it.
She absented herself as little as possible from Lady Bertram, kept away from the East room, and took no solitary walk in the shrubbery, in her caution to avoid any sudden attack.
She acknowledged her fears, blamed herself for having contended so warmly; and from that hour Fanny, understanding the worth of her disposition and perceiving how fully she was inclined to seek her good opinion and refer to her judgment, began to feel again the blessing of affection, and to entertain the hope of being useful to a mind so much in need of help, and so much deserving it.
She acknowledged it to be right.
She acknowledged, however, that the Mr. Bertrams were very fine young men, that two such young men were not often seen together even in London, and that their manners, particularly those of the eldest, were very good.
She alone was sad and insignificant: she had no share in anything; she might go or stay; she might be in the midst of their noise, or retreat from it to the solitude of the East room, without being seen or missed.
She appears to feel as she ought.
She assented to it all rather by look than word.
She became a subscriber; amazed at being anything in propria persona, amazed at her own doings in every way, to be a renter, a chuser of books! And to be having any one's improvement in view in her choice! But so it was.
She began then to be afraid of appearing rude and impatient; and walked to meet them with a great anxiety to avoid the suspicion.
She began to be surprised at being left so long, and to listen with an anxious desire of hearing their steps and their voices again.
She began to feel the possibility of his turning out well at last; but he was and must ever be completely unsuited to her, and ought not to think of her.
She began to think it rather hard upon the mare to have such double duty; if she were forgotten, the poor mare should be remembered.
She began, and Fanny joined in with all the modest feeling which the idea of representing Edmund was so strongly calculated to inspire; but with looks and voice so truly feminine as to be no very good picture of a man.
She believed herself to feel too much of it in the aggregate for honesty or safety in particulars.
She calls herself very angry, but you can imagine her anger.
She came up to him walking steady and fast, her face still pale, but to all appearance perfectly composed; and she showed neither surprise, relief, nor pleasure at finding her lover on the spot.
She came up to me, claimed me as an acquaintance, stared me out of countenance; and talked and laughed till I did not know which way to look.
She can act on every internal organ, o every shade of constitutional difference, on the whole machinery of life.
She certainly will not act.
She clapped her hands and laughed, and tried to touch his head; but being too little, laughed again, and stood on tiptoe to embrace him.
She clung to her aunt, because she would miss her; she kissed the hand of her uncle with struggling sobs, because she had displeased him; and as for Edmund, she could neither speak, nor look, nor think, when the last moment came with him; and it was not till it was over that she knew he was giving her the affectionate farewell of a brother.
She confined herself, or tried to confine herself, to the simple, indubitable family misery which must envelop all, if it were indeed a matter of certified guilt and public exposure.
She considered it all as nonsense, as mere trifling and gallantry, which meant only to deceive for the hour; she could not but feel that it was treating her improperly and unworthily, and in such a way as she had not deserved; but it was like himself, and entirely of a piece with what she had seen before; and she would not allow herself to shew half the displeasure she felt, because he had been conferring an obligation, which no want of delicacy on his part could make a trifle to her.
She could almost have thought that Edmund and Miss Crawford had left it, but that it was impossible for Edmund to forget her so entirely.
She could almost think anything would have been preferable to this.
She could do nothing but glide in quietly and look at him; but when able to talk or be talked to, or read to, Edmund was the companion he preferred.
She could go there after anything unpleasant below, and find immediate consolation in some pursuit, or some train of thought at hand.
She could hardly believe it.
She could hardly have made a more untoward choice.
She could just find selfishness enough to wonder whether Edmund had written to Miss Crawford before this summons came, but no sentiment dwelt long with her that was not purely affectionate and disinterestedly anxious.
She could not abstract her mind five minutes: she was forced to listen; his reading was capital, and her pleasure in good reading extreme.
She could not but be thankful.
She could not but consider it as absolutely unnecessary, and even improper, that Fanny should have a regular lady's horse of her own, in the style of her cousins.
She could not but feel some resentment against Mr. Crawford; yet, if he really loved her, and were unhappy too! It was all wretchedness together.
She could not but own that she should be very glad of a little tea, and Susan immediately set about making it, as if pleased to have the employment all to herself; and with only a little unnecessary bustle, and some few injudicious attempts at keeping her brothers in better order than she could, acquitted herself very well.
She could not come.
She could not command her attention as she wished.
She could not compliment the newly arrived gentleman, however, with any appearance of interest, in a scheme for extending his stay at Mansfield, and sending for his hunters from Norfolk, which, suggested by Dr. Grant, advised by Edmund, and warmly urged by the two sisters, was soon in possession of his mind, and which he seemed to want to be encouraged even by her to resolve on.
She could not deny it, but said it was not very bad.
She could not do otherwise than accept him, for he was rich, and she had nothing; but he turns out ill-tempered and exigeant, and wants a young woman, a beautiful young woman of five-and-twenty, to be as steady as himself.
She could not doubt, she dared not indulge a hope, of the paragraph being false.
She could not endure the idea of it.
She could not enter into the wrongs of an economist, but she felt all the injuries of beauty in Mrs. Grant's being so well settled in life without being handsome, and expressed her astonishment on that point almost as often, though not so diffusely, as Mrs. Norris discussed the other.
She could not equal them in their warmth.
She could not feel that she had done wrong herself, but she was disquieted in every other way.
She could not finish the generous effusion.
She could not have a doubt of the manner in which Mr. Crawford must be struck.
She could not have supposed it in the power of any concurrence of circumstances to give her so many painful sensations on the first day of hearing of William's promotion.
She could not live any longer in such solitary wretchedness; and she made her way to the Park, through difficulties of walking which she had deemed unconquerable a week before, for the chance of hearing a little in addition, for the sake of at least hearing his name.
She could not respect her parents as she had hoped.
She could not turn her eyes from the meadow; she could not help watching all that passed.
She could not wish him to stay, and would much rather not have him speak to her.
She could not, did not like him.
She could not, though only eighteen, suppose Mr. Crawford's attachment would hold out for ever; she could not but imagine that steady, unceasing discouragement from herself would put an end to it in time.
She could only perceive that it must relate to Wimpole Street and Mr. Crawford, and only conjecture that something very imprudent had just occurred in that quarter to draw the notice of the world, and to excite her jealousy, in Miss Crawford's apprehension, if she heard it.
She could say no more; her breath was almost gone.
She could still think of little else all the morning; but, when her father came back in the afternoon with the daily newspaper as usual, she was so far from expecting any elucidation through such a channel that the subject was for a moment out of her head.
She could think of William the next day more cheerfully; and as the morning afforded her an opportunity of talking over Thursday night with Mrs. Grant and Miss Crawford, in a very handsome style, with all the heightenings of imagination, and all the laughs of playfulness which are so essential to the shade of a departed ball, she could afterwards bring her mind without much effort into its everyday state, and easily conform to the tranquillity of the present quiet week.
She covered the block with both her hands.
She desires the connexion as warmly as your uncle or myself.
She did it with wretched feelings, but it was inevitable.
She did not believe they had yet rehearsed it, even in private.
She did not know what to do, or what to think.
She did not like him as a man, but she must admit him to be the best actor, and on this point there were not many who differed from her.
She did not seem to have a thought of fear.
She did not think very much about it, however: he pleased her for the present; she liked to have him near her; it was enough.
She did not want exposure to be added to desertion.
She did not want to see or understand.
She dined at the Parsonage, with the rest of you, which seemed like being out; and yet she says so little, that I can hardly suppose she is.
She disappeared again, and came back with a big-bowled pipe in her hand, carved out of some hard wood very elaborately, and mounted in gold sprinkled with little gems.
She does not like his unsettled habits.
She does not like my going.
She does not think evil, but she speaks it, speaks it in playfulness; and though I know it to be playfulness, it grieves me to the soul.
She either sat in gloomy silence, wrapt in such gravity as nothing could subdue, no curiosity touch, no wit amuse; or allowing the attentions of Mr. Yates, was talking with forced gaiety to him alone, and ridiculing the acting of the others.
She entertains me; and she is so extremely pretty, that I have great pleasure in looking at her.
She fancied he was trying for it the whole evening at intervals, whenever Sir Thomas was out of the room, or at all engaged with Mrs. Norris, and she carefully refused him every opportunity.
She feared for William; by no means convinced by all that he could relate of his own horsemanship in various countries, of the scrambling parties in which he had been engaged, the rough horses and mules he had ridden, or his many narrow escapes from dreadful falls, that he was at all equal to the management of a high-fed hunter in an English fox-chase; nor till he returned safe and well, without accident or discredit, could she be reconciled to the risk, or feel any of that obligation to Mr. Crawford for lending the horse which he had fully intended it should produce.
She feared she had been doing wrong: saying too much, overacting the caution which she had been fancying necessary; in guarding against one evil, laying herself open to another; and to have Miss Crawford's liveliness repeated to her at such a moment, and on such a subject, was a bitter aggravation.
She felt Edmund's kindness with all, and more than all, the sensibility which he, unsuspicious of her fond attachment, could be aware of; but that he should forego any enjoyment on her account gave her pain, and her own satisfaction in seeing Sotherton would be nothing without him.
She felt how unprofitable contention would be.
She felt it keenly.
She felt it to be so, though she had not foreseen, and could hardly understand it; for he was not pleasant by any common rule: he talked no nonsense; he paid no compliments; his opinions were unbending, his attentions tranquil and simple.
She felt reproved.
She felt that he had been very ill-used, and was quite unhappy in having to communicate what had passed.
She felt that she had a friend, and the kindness of her cousin Edmund gave her better spirits with everybody else.
She felt that she had arranged everything extremely well, and that any alteration must be for the worse.
She felt that she had never seen so agreeable a man in her life; and was only astonished to find that, so great and so agreeable as he was, he should be come down to Portsmouth neither on a visit to the port-admiral, nor the commissioner, nor yet with the intention of going over to the island, nor of seeing the dockyard.
She felt that she had, indeed, been three months there; and the sun's rays falling strongly into the parlour, instead of cheering, made her still more melancholy, for sunshine appeared to her a totally different thing in a town and in the country.
She felt that she must have been of use to all.
She felt that the carriage was for herself, and herself alone: and her uncle's consideration of her, coming immediately after such representations from her aunt, cost her some tears of gratitude when she was alone.
She felt the want of his society every day, almost every hour, and was too much in want of it to derive anything but irritation from considering the object for which he went.
She felt truly for them all.
She felt, as she looked at Julia and Mr. Rushworth, that hers was not the only dissatisfied bosom amongst them: there was gloom on the face of each.
She first spoke again.
She followed their steps along the bottom walk, and had just turned up into another, when the voice and the laugh of Miss Crawford once more caught her ear; the sound approached, and a few more windings brought them before her.
She found herself more successful in sending away than in retaining a companion.
She found that he did mean to persevere; but how he could, after such language from her as she felt herself obliged to use, was not to be understood.
She gave advice, advice too sound to be resisted by a good understanding, and given so mildly and considerately as not to irritate an imperfect temper, and she had the happiness of observing its good effects not unfrequently.
She gave it up to him, passively, but when he offered her his arm, merely shook her head and pursed up her lips.
She gave the history of her recent visit, and now her raptures might well be over; for Edmund was so struck with the circumstance, so delighted with what Miss Crawford had done, so gratified by such a coincidence of conduct between them, that Fanny could not but admit the superior power of one pleasure over his own mind, though it might have its drawback.
She grew more agitated and displeased.
She had Rushworth feelings, and Crawford feelings, and in the vicinity of Sotherton the former had considerable effect.
She had a few tender reveries now and then, which he could sometimes take advantage of to look in her face without detection; and the result of these looks was, that though as bewitching as ever, her face was less blooming than it ought to be.
She had a great deal to insinuate in her own praise as to general attention to the interest and comfort of his family, much exertion and many sacrifices to glance at in the form of hurried walks and sudden removals from her own fireside, and many excellent hints of distrust and economy to Lady Bertram and Edmund to detail, whereby a most considerable saving had always arisen, and more than one bad servant been detected.
She had a letter from him herself, a few hurried happy lines, written as the ship came up Channel, and sent into Portsmouth with the first boat that left the Antwerp at anchor in Spithead; and when Crawford walked up with the newspaper in his hand, which he had hoped would bring the first tidings, he found her trembling with joy over this letter, and listening with a glowing, grateful countenance to the kind invitation which her uncle was most collectedly dictating in reply.
She had a rule to apply to, which settled everything.
She had been a beauty, and a prosperous beauty, all her life; and beauty and wealth were all that excited her respect.
She had been allowing his attentions some time, but with very little idea of ever accepting him; and had not her sister's conduct burst forth as it did, and her increased dread of her father and of home, on that event, imagining its certain consequence to herself would be greater severity and restraint, made her hastily resolve on avoiding such immediate horrors at all risks, it is probable that Mr. Yates would never have succeeded.
She had been almost fluttered for a few minutes, and still remained so sensibly animated as to put away her work, move Pug from her side, and give all her attention and all the rest of her sofa to her husband.
She had been always used to think herself a little inferior to Maria.
She had been expecting to see him the whole morning, and all the evening, too, was still expecting him.
She had been quite overlooked by her cousins; and as her own opinion of her claims on Sir Thomas's affection was much too humble to give her any idea of classing herself with his children, she was glad to remain behind and gain a little breathing-time.
She had been used to consult him in every difficulty, and he loved her too well to bear to be denied her confidence now; he hoped to be of service to her, he thought he must be of service to her; whom else had she to open her heart to? If she did not need counsel, she must need the comfort of communication.
She had begun to think of him; she felt that she had, with great regard, with almost decided intentions; but she would now meet him with his own cool feelings.
She had better do the old countrywoman: the Cottager's wife; you had, indeed, Julia.
She had burst away from him, and at that moment Sir Thomas was heard speaking to a servant in his way towards the room they were in.
She had by no means forgotten the past, and she thought as ill of him as ever; but she felt his powers: he was entertaining; and his manners were so improved, so polite, so seriously and blamelessly polite, that it was impossible not to be civil to him in return.
She had changed her position; and, with her eyes fixed intently on one of the windows, was listening to her uncle in the utmost perturbation and dismay.
She had deceived his expectations; she had lost his good opinion.
She had despised him, and loved another; and he had been very much aware that it was so.
She had done no more for them than they had done for each other.
She had feeling, genuine feeling.
She had felt an early presentiment that she should like the eldest best.
She had felt nothing like it for hours.
She had found a seat, where in excessive trembling she was enduring all these fearful thoughts, while the other three, no longer under any restraint, were giving vent to their feelings of vexation, lamenting over such an unlooked-for premature arrival as a most untoward event, and without mercy wishing poor Sir Thomas had been twice as long on his passage, or were still in Antigua.
She had great pleasure in feeling her usefulness, but could not conceive how they would have managed without her.
She had hardly even attained the wish to do it.
She had hardly ever been in a state so nearly approaching high spirits in her life.
She had heard repeatedly from his sister within the three weeks which had passed since their leaving Mansfield, and in each letter there had been a few lines from himself, warm and determined like his speeches.
She had hoped that, to a man like her uncle, so discerning, so honourable, so good, the simple acknowledgment of settled dislike on her side would have been sufficient.
She had hoped to have William all to herself the last morning.
She had lived with him to be reproached as the ruin of all his happiness in Fanny, and carried away no better consolation in leaving him than that she had divided them.
She had long seen it.
She had loved, she did love still, and she had all the suffering which a warm temper and a high spirit were likely to endure under the disappointment of a dear, though irrational hope, with a strong sense of ill-usage.
She had made a sure push at Fanny's feelings here.
She had met him, he said, with a serious - certainly a serious -  even an agitated air; but before he had been able to speak one intelligible sentence, she had introduced the subject in a manner which he owned had shocked him.
She had neither sympathy nor assistance from those who ought to have entered into her feelings and directed her taste; for Lady Bertram never thought of being useful to anybody, and Mrs. Norris, when she came on the morrow, in consequence of an early call and invitation from Sir Thomas, was in a very ill humour, and seemed intent only on lessening her niece's pleasure, both present and future, as much as possible.
She had never been able to attach even those she loved best; and since Mrs. Rushworth's elopement, her temper had been in a state of such irritation as to make her everywhere tormenting.
She had never been able to recall anything approaching to tenderness in his former treatment of herself.
She had never received kindness from her aunt Norris, and could not love her.
She had never spoken so much at once to him in her life before, and never so angrily to any one; and when her speech was over, she trembled and blushed at her own daring.
She had no anxieties for anybody to cloud her pleasure: her own time had been irreproachably spent during his absence: she had done a great deal of carpet-work, and made many yards of fringe; and she would have answered as freely for the good conduct and useful pursuits of all the young people as for her own.
She had no doubt of what would ensue.
She had no doubt that her note must appear excessively ill-written, that the language would disgrace a child, for her distress had allowed no arrangement; but at least it would assure them both of her being neither imposed on nor gratified by Mr. Crawford's attentions.
She had no one to take her part, to counsel, or speak for her.
She had none of Fanny's delicacy of taste, of mind, of feeling; she saw Nature, inanimate Nature, with little observation; her attention was all for men and women, her talents for the light and lively.
She had not eloped with any worse feelings than those of selfish alarm.
She had not known before how much the beginnings and progress of vegetation had delighted her.
She had not known before what pleasures she had to lose in passing March and April in a town.
She had not long to endure what arose from listening to language which his actions contradicted, or to bury the tumult of her feelings under the restraint of society; for general civilities soon called his notice from her, and the farewell visit, as it then became openly acknowledged, was a very short one.
She had not spirits to notice her in more than a few repulsive looks, but she felt her as a spy, and an intruder, and an indigent niece, and everything most odious.
She had not stirred at the sound of Dick's arrival.
She had not supposed before that anything could ever suit her like the old grey pony; but her delight in Edmund's mare was far beyond any former pleasure of the sort; and the addition it was ever receiving in the consideration of that kindness from which her pleasure sprung, was beyond all her words to express.
She had not time for such cares.
She had not time to be miserable.
She had not waited her arrival to look out for a suitable match for her: she had fixed on Tom Bertram; the eldest son of a baronet was not too good for a girl of twenty thousand pounds, with all the elegance and accomplishments which Mrs. Grant foresaw in her; and being a warm-hearted, unreserved woman, Mary had not been three hours in the house before she told her what she had planned.
She had now seen all that were at home; there remained only two brothers between herself and Susan, one of whom was a clerk in a public office in London, and the other midshipman on board an Indiaman.
She had only learnt to think nothing of consequence but money.
She had probably alienated love by the helplessness and fretfulness of a fearful temper, or been unreasonable in wanting a larger share than any one among so many could deserve.
She had put her hand into her pocket and withdrawn it empty.
She had quite convinced herself of this before Sir Thomas and Mr. Crawford joined them.
She had read Miss Crawford's note only once, and how to reply to anything so imperfectly understood was most distressing.
She had read and read the scene again with many painful, many wondering emotions, and looked forward to their representation of it as a circumstance almost too interesting.
She had reason to suppose herself not yet forgotten by Mr. Crawford.
She had sat and listened for two mortal hours while her idol defiled himself and sneered away his godhead.
She had seen her influence in every speech, and was miserable.
She had so much to do, that not even the horrible story of Mrs. Rushworth - now fixed to the last point of certainty could affect her as it had done before.
She had sources of delight that must force their way.
She had submitted the best to the disappointment in Henry Crawford.
She had tasted of consequence in its most flattering form; and he did hope that the loss of it, the sinking again into nothing, would awaken very wholesome regrets in her mind.
She had tears for every room in the house, much more for every beloved inhabitant.
She had the highest esteem for Mr. Rushworth's character and disposition, and could not have a doubt of her happiness with him.
She had thought better of him.
She had thought her influence more.
She had two sisters to be benefited by her elevation; and such of their acquaintance as thought Miss Ward and Miss Frances quite as handsome as Miss Maria, did not scruple to predict their marrying with almost equal advantage.
She had, indeed, scarcely the shadow of a hope to soothe her mind, and was reduced to so low and wan and trembling a condition, as no mother, not unkind, except Mrs. Price could have overlooked, when the third day did bring the sickening knock, and a letter was again put into her hands.
She had, moreover, to contend with one disagreeable emotion entirely new to her - jealousy.
She had, to oblige Edmund, resolved to wear it; but it was too large for the purpose.
She hailed it as an earnest of the most serious determination, and was equal even to encounter her father.
She has a great desire to get as far as Mansfield Common: Mrs. Grant has been telling her of its fine views, and I have no doubt of her being perfectly equal to it.
She has a right to be felt for, because she evidently feels for herself.
She has done no more than what every young woman would do; and I have no doubt of her being extremely happy.
She has good looks; she has them from her mother.
She has great discernment.
She has means of her own, as of course you are aware.
She has not been out on horseback now this long while, and I am persuaded that, when she does not ride, she ought to walk.
She has not the look of it.
She has only to fix on her number of thousands a year, and there can be no doubt of their coming.
She has the advantage in every feature, and I prefer her countenance; but I like Julia best; Miss Bertram is certainly the handsomest, and I have found her the most agreeable, but I shall always like Julia best, because you order me.
She has the age and sense of a woman, but the outs and not outs are beyond me.
She has time enough before her; and her going now is quite out of the question.
She heard it at dinner, and felt it a blessing.
She heard them spoken of by him only in a general way, till they were all re-assembled in the drawing-room, when Edmund, being engaged apart in some matter of business with Dr. Grant, which seemed entirely to engross them, and Mrs. Grant occupied at the tea-table, he began talking of them with more particularity to his other sister.
She hesitated.
She hoped it was not wrong; though, after a time, Susan's very great admiration of everything said or done in her uncle's house, and earnest longing to go into Northamptonshire, seemed almost to blame her for exciting feelings which could not be gratified.
She hoped to marry him, and they continued together till she was obliged to be convinced that such hope was vain, and till the disappointment and wretchedness arising from the conviction rendered her temper so bad, and her feelings for him so like hatred, as to make them for a while each other's punishment, and then induce a voluntary separation.
She hurried back thence into the buttery, and came back once more with a delicately made glass, into which she put the flowers and set them down in the midst of our table.
She hurried to the door, and met her husband; a man whose face was careworn and depressed, though he was young.
She immediately shook her head at Fanny with arch, yet affectionate reproach, and taking her hand, seemed hardly able to help beginning directly.
She is a cold-hearted, vain woman, who has married entirely from convenience, and though evidently unhappy in her marriage, places her disappointment not to faults of judgment, or temper, or disproportion of age, but to her being, after all, less affluent than many of her acquaintance, especially than her sister, Lady Stornaway, and is the determined supporter of everything mercenary and ambitious, provided it be only mercenary and ambitious enough.
She is a devilish odd girl though, mind you that.
She is also very hardy herself, which of course will influence her in her opinion of the wants of others.
She is awkwardly circumstanced.
She is choosing a friend and companion exactly where she ought, and I am glad her love of money does not interfere.
She is exactly the woman to do away every prejudice of such a man as the Admiral, for she he would describe, if indeed he has now delicacy of language enough to embody his own ideas.
She is hurt, as you would be for William; but she loves and esteems you with all her heart.
She is in good hands, and sure of doing well.
She is just what she was in October, believe me.
She is niece to Sir Thomas Bertram; that will be enough for the world.
She is no encumbrance here.
She is not expected.
She is not serious.
She is of a temper to do a great deal for anybody she really interests herself about, and she will force you to do justice to your natural powers.
She is perfectly feminine, except in the instances we have been speaking of.
She is quite determined.
She is satisfied with herself.
She is tender, and not used to rough it like the rest of us.
She is the only woman in the world whom I could ever think of as a wife.
She is too tall and robust.
She is very angry with you, Fanny; you must be prepared for that.
She kissed me in her frank friendly way, and almost took away from me my desire for the expedition thereby; but I had to get over that, as it was clear that so delightful a woman would hardly be without a due lover of her own age.
She knew he must be at some expense, that he would have many things to buy, though to be sure his father and mother would be able to put him in the way of getting everything very cheap; but she was very glad she had contributed her mite towards it.
She knew it must be so, but it was terrible to her.
She knew it was her way.
She knew it was so, and was sorry; but it was with a sorrow so founded on satisfaction, so tending to ease, and so much in harmony with every dearest sensation, that there are few who might not have been glad to exchange their greatest gaiety for it.
She knew so much already, that she must know everything.
She knew that Mr. Yates was in general thought to rant dreadfully; that Mr. Yates was disappointed in Henry Crawford; that Tom Bertram spoke so quick he would be unintelligible; that Mrs. Grant spoiled everything by laughing; that Edmund was behindhand with his part, and that it was misery to have anything to do with Mr. Rushworth, who was wanting a prompter through every speech.
She knew, also, that poor Mr. Rushworth could seldom get anybody to rehearse with him: his complaint came before her as well as the rest; and so decided to her eye was her cousin Maria's avoidance of him, and so needlessly often the rehearsal of the first scene between her and Mr. Crawford, that she had soon all the terror of other complaints from him.
She laughed aloud.
She laughed now, but looked very kindly on me.
She lays close to the Endymion, between her and the Cleopatra, just to the eastward of the sheer hulk.
She led him through the kitchen to a parlour, and presented him to Miss M'Glashan.
She led us up to the door of the unfinished house, where a rather little woman was working with mallet and chisel on the wall near by.
She left London a few hours before we entered it.
She listened, and at length she heard; she heard voices and feet approaching; but she had just satisfied herself that it was not those she wanted, when Miss Bertram, Mr. Rushworth, and Mr. Crawford issued from the same path which she had trod herself, and were before her.
She looked about her with due consideration, and found almost everything in his favour: a park, a real park, five miles round, a spacious modern-built house, so well placed and well screened as to deserve to be in any collection of engravings of gentlemen's seats in the kingdom, and wanting only to be completely new furnished - pleasant sisters, a quiet mother, and an agreeable man himself - with the advantage of being tied up from much gaming at present by a promise to his father, and of being Sir Thomas hereafter.
She looked all loveliness - and what might not be the end of it? Her own musings were brought to an end on perceiving Mr. Crawford before her, and her thoughts were put into another channel by his engaging her almost instantly for the first two dances.
She looked almost aghast under the new idea she was receiving.
She looked and looked, longing to know which might be least valuable; and was determined in her choice at last, by fancying there was one necklace more frequently placed before her eyes than the rest.
She looked at him fondly, and I could tell that she was seeing him in her mind's eye showing his splendid form at its best amidst the rhymed strokes of the scythes; and she looked down at her own pretty feet with a half sigh, as though she were contrasting her slight woman's beauty with his man's beauty; as women will when they are really in love, and are not spoiled with conventional sentiment.
She looked at him for a while with cold, unkind scrutiny like one who tries the temper of a tool.
She looked at him with a lowering, languid look of wrath.
She looked at him, but he was leaning back, sunk in a deeper gloom than ever, and with eyes closed, as if the view of cheerfulness oppressed him, and the lovely scenes of home must be shut out.
She looked at me kindly, but as if she read me through and through.
She looked suspiciously at her sister; Maria's countenance was to decide it: if she were vexed and alarmed - but Maria looked all serenity and satisfaction, and Julia well knew that on this ground Maria could not be happy but at her expense.
She looks the part, and I am persuaded will do it admirably.
She loved him; there was no withdrawing attentions avowedly dear to her.
She loved to fancy how she could have read to her aunt, how she could have talked to her, and tried at once to make her feel the blessing of what was, and prepare her mind for what might be; and how many walks up and down stairs she might have saved her, and how many messages she might have carried.
She loves nobody but herself and her brother.
She made me almost laugh; but I cannot rate so very highly the love or good-nature of a brother who will not give himself the trouble of writing anything worth reading to his sisters, when they are separated.
She meant to urge him to persevere in the hope of being loved in time, and of having his addresses most kindly received at the end of about ten years' happy marriage.
She met Miss Crawford within a few yards of the Parsonage, just setting out to call on her, and as it seemed to her that her friend, though obliged to insist on turning back, was unwilling to lose her walk, she explained her business at once, and observed, that if she would be so kind as to give her opinion, it might be all talked over as well without doors as within.
She might have made just as good a woman of consequence as Lady Bertram, but Mrs. Norris would have been a more respectable mother of nine children on a small income.
She might have to endure the reproach again and again; she might hear it, or see it, or know it to exist for ever in every connexion about her.
She might love, but she did not deserve Edmund by any other sentiment.
She might scold herself for the weakness, but there was no scolding it away.
She might scruple to make use of the words, but she must and did feel that her mother was a partial, ill-judging parent, a dawdle, a slattern, who neither taught nor restrained her children, whose house was the scene of mismanagement and discomfort from beginning to end, and who had no talent, no conversation, no affection towards herself; no curiosity to know her better, no desire of her friendship, and no inclination for her company that could lessen her sense of such feelings.
She must absolutely decline the proposal.
She must be courteous, and she must be compassionate.
She must be the doer of everything: Lady Bertram would of course be spared all thought and exertion, and it would all fall upon her.
She must be used to the consideration of his being in love with her, and then a return of affection might not be very distant.
She must do her duty, and trust that time might make her duty easier than it now was.
She must escape from him and Mansfield as soon as possible, and find consolation in fortune and consequence, bustle and the world, for a wounded spirit.
She must have a sensation of being honoured, and whether thinking of herself or her brother, she must have a strong feeling of gratitude.
She must have been a happy creature in spite of all that she felt, or thought she felt, for the distress of those around her.
She must not be left to her own complaisance.
She must not wonder at all this; what could be more natural than that Edmund should be making himself useful, and proving his good-nature by any one? She could not but think, indeed, that Mr. Crawford might as well have saved him the trouble; that it would have been particularly proper and becoming in a brother to have done it himself; but Mr. Crawford, with all his boasted good-nature, and all his coachmanship, probably knew nothing of the matter, and had no active kindness in comparison of Edmund.
She must say that she had more than half a mind to go with the young people; it would be such an indulgence to her; she had not seen her poor dear sister Price for more than twenty years; and it would be a help to the young people in their journey to have her older head to manage for them; and she could not help thinking her poor dear sister Price would feel it very unkind of her not to come by such an opportunity.
She must watch the general arrangements, and see how everything was done.
She need not have been uneasy.
She never ceased to think of what was due to you.
She never has danced with a clergyman, she says, and she never will.
She never knew how to be pleasant to children.
She only looked her increased ill-will.
She only was to blame.
She opened her note immediately, glad to have anything to do, and happy, as she read it, to feel that the fidgetings of her aunt Norris, who was also to dine there, screened her a little from view.
She ought to do better.
She passed only from feelings of sickness to shudderings of horror; and from hot fits of fever to cold.
She paused a little, and I for my part could not help staring at her, and thinking that if she were a book, the pictures in it were most lovely.
She persisted in placing his scruples to her account, though Sir Thomas very solemnly assured her that, had there been no young woman in question, had there been no young person of either sex belonging to him, to be endangered by the society or hurt by the character of Mrs. Rushworth, he would never have offered so great an insult to the neighbourhood as to expect it to notice her.
She played accordingly; happy to have a new listener, and a listener who seemed so much obliged, so full of wonder at the performance, and who shewed herself not wanting in taste.
She played till Fanny's eyes, straying to the window on the weather's being evidently fair, spoke what she felt must be done.
She prayed forgiveness the next moment, and was sorry; but the first was the emotion of her heart.
She proclaimed her thoughts.
She regarded her cousin as an example of everything good and great, as possessing worth which no one but herself could ever appreciate, and as entitled to such gratitude from her as no feelings could be strong enough to pay.
She remained without motion during his absence, and when he returned suffered herself to be put back into the phaeton, and driven off on the return journey like an idiot or a tired child.
She reproached herself, coloured, and looked fearfully towards her father and mother.
She reprobated her brother's folly in being drawn on by a woman whom he had never cared for, to do what must lose him the woman he adored; but still more the folly of poor Maria, in sacrificing such a situation, plunging into such difficulties, under the idea of being really loved by a man who had long ago made his indifference clear.
She requires constant air and exercise.
She rides only for pleasure; you for health.
She rushed out at an opposite door from the one her uncle was approaching, and was walking up and down the East room ill the utmost confusion of contrary feeling, before Sir Thomas's politeness or apologies were over, or he had reached the beginning of the joyful intelligence which his visitor came to communicate.
She said it must be such an amusement to me, as she understood I lived quite alone, to have a few living creatures of that sort; and so to be sure it will.
She said little, assented only here and there, and betrayed no inclination either of appropriating any part of the compliment to herself, or of strengthening his views in favour of Northamptonshire.
She said nothing, and went on, the night growing about as dark as it would be; till just at the rise of the hill we came to a hedge with a gate in it, which the old man unlatched and led us into a garden, at the end of which we could see a little house, one of whose little windows was already yellow with candlelight.
She said she was very well, and did not like to be supposed otherwise; but take it all in all, he was convinced that her present residence could not be comfortable, and therefore could not be salutary for her, and he was growing anxious for her being again at Mansfield, where her own happiness, and his in seeing her, must be so much greater.
She said this quite earnestly, and with an air of affectionate appeal to me which pleased me very much; but I could see that she was only keeping her doubts about me for another time.
She sat and cried con amore as her uncle intended, but it was con amore fraternal and no other.
She sat in a blaze of oppressive heat, in a cloud of moving dust, and her eyes could only wander from the walls, marked by her father's head, to the table cut and notched by her brothers, where stood the tea-board never thoroughly cleaned, the cups and saucers wiped in streaks, the milk a mixture of motes floating in thin blue, and the bread and butter growing every minute more greasy than even Rebecca's hands had first produced it.
She sat some time in a good deal of agitation, listening, trembling, and fearing to be sent for every moment; but as no footsteps approached the East room, she grew gradually composed, could sit down, and be able to employ herself, and able to hope that Mr. Crawford had come and would go without her being obliged to know anything of the matter.
She sat white and cold and silent, and there was no speculation in her eyes.
She saw decision in his looks, and her surprise and vexation required some minutes' silence to be settled into composure.
She saw it only as folly, and that folly stamped only by exposure.
She saw that it was.
She saw the proof of it in Miss Crawford, as well as in her cousins; her attachment to Edmund had been respectable, the most respectable part of her character; her friendship for herself had at least been blameless.
She seemed determined to be interested by nothing else.
She seemed insensible, not only of nature, but of the presence of her companion.
She seemed to have the little wood all to herself.
She seemed very intent on what she was doing, and did not turn round when we came up; but a taller woman, quite a girl she seemed, who was at work near by, had already knocked off, and was standing looking from Clara to Dick with delighted eyes.
She seldom saw him: never alone.
She shook her head.
She should be justified.
She should have to do the honours of the evening; and this reflection quickly restored so much of her good-humour as enabled her to join in with the others, before their happiness and thanks were all expressed.
She smiled with pleasure, and her lazy enjoyment of the new scene seemed to bring out her beauty doubly as she leaned back amidst the cushions, though she was far from languid; her idleness being the idleness of a person, strong and well-knit both in body and mind, deliberately resting.
She soon learned to think with respect of her own little attic at Mansfield Park, in that house reckoned too small for anybody's comfort.
She speaks of her brother with a very pleasing affection.
She spoke from the instinctive wish of delaying shame; she spoke with a resolution which sprung from despair, for she spoke what she did not, could not believe herself.
She spoke of her farther as somewhat delicate and puny, but was sanguine in the hope of her being materially better for change of air.
She spoke of you with high praise and warm affection; yet, even here, there was alloy, a dash of evil; for in the midst of it she could exclaim, 'Why would not she have him? It is all her fault.
She spoke of you, Fanny, just as she ought.
She started no difficulties that were not talked down in five minutes by her eldest nephew and niece, who were all-powerful with her; and as the whole arrangement was to bring very little expense to anybody, and none at all to herself, as she foresaw in it all the comforts of hurry, bustle, and importance, and derived the immediate advantage of fancying herself obliged to leave her own house, where she had been living a month at her own cost, and take up her abode in theirs, that every hour might be spent in their service, she was, in fact, exceedingly delighted with the project.
She stays with her aunt.
She succeeded.
She supposed he could not yet leave his son, but it was a cruel, a terrible delay to her.
She talked to her aunt Bertram -  she must talk to somebody of the ball; but her aunt had seen so little of what had passed, and had so little curiosity, that it was heavy work.
She talked to her, listened to her, read to her; and the tranquillity of such evenings, her perfect security in such a tete-a-tete from any sound of unkindness, was unspeakably welcome to a mind which had seldom known a pause in its alarms or embarrassments.
She talks of you almost every hour, and I am sorry to find how many weeks more she is likely to be without you.
She thanked Miss Crawford, but gave a decided negative.
She thanked him for his great attention, his paternal kindness, but he was quite mistaken in supposing she had the smallest desire of breaking through her engagement, or was sensible of any change of opinion or inclination since her forming it.
She thinks of nothing but the Isle of Wight, and she calls it the Island, as if there were no other island in the world.
She thought Lady Bertram sat longer than ever, and began to be in despair of ever getting away; but at last they were in the drawing-room, and she was able to think as she would, while her aunts finished the subject of William's appointment in their own style.
She thought he did, but she wanted to be assured of it.
She thought he was really good-tempered, and could fancy his entering into a plan of that sort most pleasantly.
She thought he was wishing to speak to her unheard by the rest.
She told her story.
She told him that she did not love him, could not love him, was sure she never should love him; that such a change was quite impossible; that the subject was most painful to her; that she must entreat him never to mention it again, to allow her to leave him at once, and let it be considered as concluded for ever.
She took him by the end of the fingers (reaching forward to take them, for her great preoccupation was to save time), she drew him towards her, pushed him past her in the door, and planted him face to face with Mr. Van Tromp, in a suit of French country velveteens and with a remarkable carbuncle on his nose.
She took the letters as he gave them.
She took three days to consider of his proposals, and during those three days asked the advice of everybody connected with her whose opinion was worth having, and especially applied to my late dear aunt, whose knowledge of the world made her judgment very generally and deservedly looked up to by all the young people of her acquaintance, and she was decidedly in favour of Mr. Fraser.
She took to herself all the credit of bringing Mr. Rushworth's admiration of Maria to any effect.
She tried to get the better of it; tried very hard, as the dinner hour approached, to feel and appear as usual; but it was quite impossible for her not to look most shy and uncomfortable when their visitor entered the room.
She turned away, and wished he would not say such things.
She turned extremely red.
She turned slowly and looked him in the face with eyes that seemed kinder.
She used to ask your sisters now and then, but she never asked Fanny.
She walked out directly, as her uncle recommended, and followed his advice throughout, as far as she could; did check her tears; did earnestly try to compose her spirits and strengthen her mind.
She was a little surprised that he could spend so many hours with Miss Crawford, and not see more of the sort of fault which he had already observed, and of which she was almost always reminded by a something of the same nature whenever she was in her company; but so it was.
She was a manager by necessity, without any of Mrs. Norris's inclination for it, or any of her activity.
She was a mild and patient creature if her face spoke truth; but she was thankful in her soul to hear it, and she said so, with clasped hands.
She was a woman who spent her days in sitting, nicely dressed, on a sofa, doing some long piece of needlework, of little use and no beauty, thinking more of her pug than her children, but very indulgent to the latter when it did not put herself to inconvenience, guided in everything important by Sir Thomas, and in smaller concerns by her sister.
She was acknowledged to be quite right, and the two parts being accepted accordingly, she was certain of the proper Frederick.
She was afraid she had used some strong, some contemptuous expressions in speaking of the clergy, and that should not have been.
She was again roused from disagreeable musings by sudden footsteps: somebody was coming at a quick pace down the principal walk.
She was all alive again directly, and among the most active in being useful to Fanny, in detecting her to be wetter than she would at first allow, and providing her with dry clothes; and Fanny, after being obliged to submit to all this attention, and to being assisted and waited on by mistresses and maids, being also obliged, on returning downstairs, to be fixed in their drawing-room for an hour while the rain continued, the blessing of something fresh to see and think of was thus extended to Miss Crawford, and might carry on her spirits to the period of dressing and dinner.
She was almost vexed into displeasure and anger against Edmund.
She was altogether engrossed in herself, and looked neither to right nor to left, but straight before her on the road.
She was always so gentle and retiring that her emotions were beyond his discrimination.
She was an altered creature, quieted, stupefied, indifferent to everything that passed.
She was answered by having a small trinket-box placed before her, and being requested to chuse from among several gold chains and necklaces.
She was anxious, she knew -  more anxious perhaps than she ought to be - for what was it after all whether she went or staid? but if her uncle were to be a great while considering and deciding, and with very grave looks, and those grave looks directed to her, and at last decide against her, she might not be able to appear properly submissive and indifferent.
She was as welcome to wish herself there as to be there.
She was ashamed, and she would have been yet more ashamed of her father than of all the rest.
She was astonished, exceedingly astonished - more than astonished.
She was at home.
She was at liberty, she was busy, she was protected.
She was attractive, she was modest, she was Sir Thomas's niece, and she was soon said to be admired by Mr. Crawford.
She was beyond their reach; and if at last obliged to yield - no matter - it was all misery now.
She was blessed in her mother.
She was checked by the sight of her uncle much nearer to them than she had any suspicion of, and each found it necessary to talk of something else.
She was deep in other musing.
She was delighted with each, but Mary was her dearest object; and having never been able to glory in beauty of her own, she thoroughly enjoyed the power of being proud of her sister's.
She was disheartened by Lady Bertram's silence, awed by Sir Thomas's grave looks, and quite overcome by Mrs. Norris's admonitions.
She was distressed whenever Mr. Crawford spoke to her, and he spoke to her much too often; and she was afraid there was a something in his voice and manner in addressing her very different from what they were when he talked to the others.
She was expecting some one, and with anxious eagerness; for she walked up and down the room; started at every sound; looked out from the window; glanced at the clock; tried, but in vain, to work with her needle; and could hardly bear the voices of the children in their play.
She was feeling, thinking, trembling about everything; agitated, happy, miserable, infinitely obliged, absolutely angry.
She was fond of her sons, especially of William, but Betsey was the first of her girls whom she had ever much regarded.
She was full of jealousy and agitation.
She was gone again to the street-door, to welcome William.
She was happy even when they did take place; but not from any flow of spirits on his side, or any such expressions of tender gallantry as had blessed the morning.
She was happy whenever she looked at William, and saw how perfectly he was enjoying himself, in every five minutes that she could walk about with him and hear his account of his partners; she was happy in knowing herself admired; and she was happy in having the two dances with Edmund still to look forward to, during the greatest part of the evening, her hand being so eagerly sought after that her indefinite engagement with him was in continual perspective.
She was humble, and wishing to be forgiven; and Mr. Yates, desirous of being really received into the family, was disposed to look up to him and be guided.
She was in a reverie of sweet remembrances.
She was in a state of mind to be glad that she had secured her fate beyond recall: that she had pledged herself anew to Sotherton; that she was safe from the possibility of giving Crawford the triumph of governing her actions, and destroying her prospects; and retired in proud resolve, determined only to behave more cautiously to Mr. Rushworth in future, that her father might not be again suspecting her.
She was in high spirits, and surrounded by those who were giving all the support of their own bad sense to her too lively mind.
She was introduced here and there by her uncle, and forced to be spoken to, and to curtsey, and speak again.
She was invested, indeed, with the office of judge and critic, and earnestly desired to exercise it and tell them all their faults; but from doing so every feeling within her shrank - she could not, would not, dared not attempt it: had she been otherwise qualified for criticism, her conscience must have restrained her from venturing at disapprobation.
She was less and less able to endure the restraint which her father imposed.
She was lying on a sheep-skin near the window, but jumped up as soon as we entered, and when she saw the guests behind the old man, she clapped her hands and cried out with pleasure, and when she got us into the middle of the room, fairly danced round us in delight of our company.
She was mistaken, however, in supposing that Edmund gave his father no present pain.
She was more silent than ever.
She was nearly fainting: all her former habitual dread of her uncle was returning, and with it compassion for him and for almost every one of the party on the development before him, with solicitude on Edmund's account indescribable.
She was nice only from natural delicacy, but he had been brought up in a school of luxury and epicurism.
She was not often invited to join in the conversation of the others, nor did she desire it.
She was not pleased to see Julia excluded from the play, and sitting by disregarded; but as it was not a matter which really involved her happiness, as Henry must be the best judge of his own, and as he did assure her, with a most persuasive smile, that neither he nor Julia had ever had a serious thought of each other, she could only renew her former caution as to the elder sister, entreat him not to risk his tranquillity by too much admiration there, and then gladly take her share in anything that brought cheerfulness to the young people in general, and that did so particularly promote the pleasure of the two so dear to her.
She was not to be prevailed on to leave Mr. Crawford.
She was not to be won by all that gallantry and wit and good-nature together could do; or, at least, she would not be won by them nearly so soon, without the assistance of sentiment and feeling, and seriousness on serious subjects.
She was now left a good deal to herself, to get acquainted with the house and grounds as she could, and spent her days very happily in so doing, while those who might otherwise have attended to her were shut up, or wholly occupied each with the person quite dependent on them, at this time, for everything like comfort; Edmund trying to bury his own feelings in exertions for the relief of his brother's, and Fanny devoted to her aunt Bertram, returning to every former office with more than former zeal, and thinking she could never do enough for one who seemed so much to want her.
She was obliged to call herself to think of it, and acknowledge it to be terrible and grievous, or it was escaping her, in the midst of all the agitating pressing joyful cares attending this summons to herself.
She was occasionally useful to all; she was perhaps as much at peace as any.
She was of use to no one else; but there she might be missed to a degree that she did not like to think of; and that part of the arrangement was, indeed, the hardest for Sir Thomas to accomplish, and what only he could have accomplished at all.
She was one of his two dearest -  that must support her.
She was only sorry for the parties concerned and for Mansfield, if the report should spread so far; but she hoped it might not.
She was preparing for her ninth lying-in; and after bewailing the circumstance, and imploring their countenance as sponsors to the expected child, she could not conceal how important she felt they might be to the future maintenance of the eight already in being.
She was privy, one evening, to the hopes of her aunt Norris on the subject, as well as to her feelings, and the feelings of Mrs. Rushworth, on a point of some similarity, and could not help wondering as she listened; and glad would she have been not to be obliged to listen, for it was while all the other young people were dancing, and she sitting, most unwillingly, among the chaperons at the fire, longing for the re-entrance of her elder cousin, on whom all her own hopes of a partner then depended.
She was properly punished.
She was quite oppressed.
She was ready to sink as she entered the parlour.
She was regretted by no one at Mansfield.
She was returned to Mansfield Park, she was useful, she was beloved; she was safe from Mr. Crawford; and when Sir Thomas came back she had every proof that could be given in his then melancholy state of spirits, of his perfect approbation and increased regard; and happy as all this must make her, she would still have been happy without any of it, for Edmund was no longer the dupe of Miss Crawford.
She was safe in the breakfast-room, with her aunt, when Miss Crawford did come; and the first misery over, and Miss Crawford looking and speaking with much less particularity of expression than she had anticipated, Fanny began to hope there would be nothing worse to be endured than a half-hour of moderate agitation.
She was safe; but peace and safety were unconnected here.
She was small of her age, with no glow of complexion, nor any other striking beauty; exceedingly timid and shy, and shrinking from notice; but her air, though awkward, was not vulgar, her voice was sweet, and when she spoke her countenance was pretty.
She was so little equal to Rebecca's puddings and Rebecca's hashes, brought to table, as they all were, with such accompaniments of half-cleaned plates, and not half-cleaned knives and forks, that she was very often constrained to defer her heartiest meal till she could send her brothers in the evening for biscuits and buns.
She was soon aware of this herself; for though she must submit, as her own propriety of mind directed, in spite of her aunt Norris's opinion, to being the principal lady in company, and to all the little distinctions consequent thereon, she found, while they were at table, such a happy flow of conversation prevailing, in which she was not required to take any part - there was so much to be said between the brother and sister about Bath, so much between the two young men about hunting, so much of politics between Mr. Crawford and Dr. Grant, and of everything and all together between Mr. Crawford and Mrs. Grant, as to leave her the fairest prospect of having only to listen in quiet, and of passing a very agreeable day.
She was soon more softened and sorrowful.
She was sorry, really sorry; and yet in spite of this and the two or three other things which she wished he had not said, she thought him altogether improved since she had seen him; he was much more gentle, obliging, and attentive to other people's feelings than he had ever been at Mansfield; she had never seen him so agreeable - so near being agreeable; his behaviour to her father could not offend, and there was something particularly kind and proper in the notice he took of Susan.
She was speaking only as she had been used to hear others speak, as she imagined everybody else would speak.
She was struck, quite struck, when, on returning from her walk and going into the East room again, the first thing which caught her eye was a fire lighted and burning.
She was sure Sir Thomas had never intended it: and she must say that, to be making such a purchase in his absence, and adding to the great expenses of his stable, at a time when a large part of his income was unsettled, seemed to her very unjustifiable.
She was talking at Fanny, and resenting this private walk half through the dinner.
She was the first object of his love, but it was a love which his stronger spirits, and bolder temper, made it as natural for him to express as to feel.
She was then merely a quiet, modest, not plain-looking girl, but she is now absolutely pretty.
She was then out.
She was then taken into a parlour, so small that her first conviction was of its being only a passage-room to something better, and she stood for a moment expecting to be invited on; but when she saw there was no other door, and that there were signs of habitation before her, she called back her thoughts, reproved herself, and grieved lest they should have been suspected.
She was too happy to be curious; and his silence, in presence of the great and good being whom she called her father, had seemed both natural and praiseworthy.
She was too indolent even to accept a mother's gratification in witnessing their success and enjoyment at the expense of any personal trouble, and the charge was made over to her sister, who desired nothing better than a post of such honourable representation, and very thoroughly relished the means it afforded her of mixing in society without having horses to hire.
She was turning hopefully away, when the child stretched out his arms, and cried, 'O, sister, I am here! Take me!' and then she turned her beaming eyes upon him, and it was night; and the star was shining into the room, making long rays down towards him as he saw it through his tears.
She was very angry with him.
She was very civilly answered by Lady Bertram, but Edmund said nothing.
She was very glad that she had given William what she did at parting, very glad, indeed, that it had been in her power, without material inconvenience, just at that time to give him something rather considerable; that is, for her, with her limited means, for now it would all be useful in helping to fit up his cabin.
She was very low.
She was very pretty: exceedingly pretty.
She was willing to allow he might have more good qualities than she had been wont to suppose.
She was yet more impatient for another letter from town after receiving this than she had been before; and for a few days was so unsettled by it altogether, by what had come, and what might come, that her usual readings and conversation with Susan were much suspended.
She watched them till they had turned the corner, and listened till all sound of them had ceased.
She waved a hand to us, and stepped lightly down the hall, taking (as Scott says) at least part of the sun from our table as she went.
She went accordingly to the table, where she was in the habit of writing for her aunt, and prepared her materials without knowing what in the world to say.
She went on, began to talk of you; yes, then she began to talk of you, regretting, as well she might, the loss of such a - .
She went, however, and they sauntered about together many an half-hour in Mrs. Grant's shrubbery, the weather being unusually mild for the time of year, and venturing sometimes even to sit down on one of the benches now comparatively unsheltered, remaining there perhaps till, in the midst of some tender ejaculation of Fanny's on the sweets of so protracted an autumn, they were forced, by the sudden swell of a cold gust shaking down the last few yellow leaves about them, to jump up and walk for warmth.
She will be an excellent Amelia.
She will grow sober by degrees.
She will have a companion in Fanny Price, you know, so it will all do very well; and as for Edmund, as he is not here to speak for himself, I will answer for his being most happy to join the party.
She will have nothing to say to it.
She winced at his words and drew away.
She wished she had not spoken so warmly in their last conversation.
She wished such words unsaid with all her heart.
She wished the next day over, she wished he had come only for one day; but it was not so very bad as she would have expected: the pleasure of talking of Mansfield was so very great Before they parted, she had to thank him for another pleasure, and one of no trivial kind.
She wished to be able to decline it; but the tears, which a variety of feelings created, made it easier to swallow than to speak.
She wished to prove to him that she did desire his comfort, and sought to regain his favour; and he had given her another strong motive for exertion, in keeping the whole affair from the knowledge of her aunts.
She wondered that Sir Thomas could have leisure to think of such a trifle again; but she soon found, from the voluntary information of the housemaid, who came in to attend it, that so it was to be every day.
She worked very diligently under her aunt's directions, but her diligence and her silence concealed a very absent, anxious mind; and about noon she made her escape with her work to the East room, that she might have no concern in another, and, as she deemed it, most unnecessary rehearsal of the first act, which Henry Crawford was just proposing, desirous at once of having her time to herself, and of avoiding the sight of Mr. Rushworth.
She would be extremely sorry to interfere with you.
She would do her best.
She would endeavour to be rational, and to deserve the right of judging of Miss Crawford's character, and the privilege of true solicitude for him by a sound intellect and an honest heart.
She would hardly join even when William was the subject, for his commission came all from the right hand too, and there was pain in the connexion.
She would have fixed him; she would have made him happy for ever.' My dearest Fanny, I am giving you, I hope, more pleasure than pain by this retrospect of what might have been - but what never can be now.
She would have laughed if she could.
She would henceforth admit his attentions without any idea beyond immediate amusement.
She would hesitate, she would tease, she would condition, she would require a great deal, but she would finally accept.
She would learn to match him in his indifference.
She would much rather not have been asked by him again so very soon, and she wished she had not been obliged to suspect that his previous inquiries of Mrs. Norris, about the supper hour, were all for the sake of securing her at that part of the evening.
She would not calculate, she would not compare.
She would not do well.
She would not have him be serious, and yet what could excuse the use of such words and offers, if they meant but to trifle But William was a lieutenant.
She would not like it.
She would not voluntarily give unnecessary pain to any one, and though I may deceive myself, I cannot but think that for me, for my feelings, she would -  Hers are faults of principle, Fanny; of blunted delicacy and a corrupted, vitiated mind.
She would not, could not believe, that Mr. Crawford's affection for her could distress him long; his mind was not of that sort.
She would only smile and assert.
She would rather die than own the truth; and she hoped, by a little reflection, to fortify herself beyond betraying it.
She would rather, perhaps, have been obliged to some other person.
She would think of it for ever and forget all the rest.
She would try to be more ambitious than her heart would allow.
Sheets and towels, a little wearing apparel, two old-fashioned silver teaspoons, a pair of sugar-tongs, and a few boots.
Shells and bones decay and disappear when left on the botto of the sea, where sediment is not accumulating.
Shortly afterward, Sir Thomas was again interfering a little with her inclination, by advising her to go immediately to bed.
Show me no more! But the relentless Ghost pinioned him in both his arms, and forced him to observe what happened next.
Sick of ambitious and mercenary connexions, prizing more and more the sterling good of principle and temper, and chiefly anxious to bind by the strongest securities all that remained to him of domestic felicity, he had pondered with genuine satisfaction on the more than possibility of the two young friends finding their natural consolation in each other for all that had occurred of disappointment to either; and the joyful consent which met Edmund's application, the high sense of having realised a great acquisition in the promise of Fanny for a daughter, formed just such a contrast with his early opinion on the subject when the poor little girl's coming had been first agitated, as time is for ever producing between the plans and decisions of mortals, for their own instruction, and their neighbours' entertainment.
Simila cases occurring with insects under natural conditions have lately bee discussed with much ability by Mr. Walsh, who has grouped them under hi law of equable variability.
Simple as such an engagement might appear in other eyes, it had novelty and importance in hers, for excepting the day at Sotherton, she had scarcely ever dined out before; and though now going only half a mile, and only to three people, still it was dining out, and all the little interests of preparation were enjoyments in themselves.
Simple girl! I shall never forgive her.
Simplicity, indeed, is beyond the reach of almost every actress by profession.
Since publishing my views on this subject in 1845,  have watched the progress of geology, and have been surprised to note ho author after author, in treating of this or that great formation, has com to the conclusion that it was accumulated during subsidence.
Since rivalry between the sisters had ceased, they had been gradually recovering much of their former good understanding; and were at least sufficiently friends to make each of them exceedingly glad to be with the other at such a time.
Since the discovery o flint tools in the superficial formations of many parts of the world, al geologists believe that barbarian men existed at an enormously remot period; and we know that at the present day there is hardly a tribe s barbarous as not to have domesticated at least the dog.
Since the first joy from Mr. Crawford's note to William had worn away, she had been in a state absolutely the reverse; there had been no comfort around, no hope within her.
Singularly low, as if instead of being so close beside him, it were at a distance.
Sir C. Lyell and Dr. Hooker, who both knew o my work - the latter having read my sketch of 1844 - honoured me by thinkin it advisable to publish, with Mr. Wallace's excellent memoir, some brie extracts from my manuscripts.
Sir C. Lyell and Mr. Wollaston have communicated to me a remarkable fact bearin on this subject; namely, that Madeira and the adjoining islet of Port Santo possess many distinct but representative species of land-shells, som of which live in crevices of stone; and although large quantities of ston are annually transported from Porto Santo to Madeira, yet this latte island has not become colonised by the Porto Santo species:  nevertheless both islands have been colonised by some European land-shells, which n doubt had some advantage over the indigenous species.
Sir C. Lyell and other authors have ably treated this subject.
Sir C.Lyell in a striking passage has speculated, in language almos identical with mine, on the effects of great alternations of climat throughout the world on geographical distribution.
Sir Henry thought the duke not equal to Frederick, but that was because Sir Henry wanted the part himself; whereas it was certainly in the best hands of the two.
Sir J. Lubbock has recentl remarked, that several minute crustaceans offer excellent illustrations o this law.
Sir J. Sebright expressly experimented with this object an failed.
Sir Thomas Bertram had interest, which, from principle as well as pride - from a general wish of doing right, and a desire of seeing all that were connected with him in situations of respectability, he would have been glad to exert for the advantage of Lady Bertram's sister; but her husband's profession was such as no interest could reach; and before he had time to devise any other method of assisting them, an absolute breach between the sisters had taken place.
Sir Thomas Bertram's son is somebody; and now he is in their own line.
Sir Thomas and Lady Bertram received her very kindly; and Sir Thomas, seeing how much she needed encouragement, tried to be all that was conciliating: but he had to work against a most untoward gravity of deportment; and Lady Bertram, without taking half so much trouble, or speaking one word where he spoke ten, by the mere aid of a good-humoured smile, became immediately the less awful character of the two.
Sir Thomas approved of it for another reason.
Sir Thomas could not be provoked.
Sir Thomas could not dissent, as it had been his own arrangement, previously communicated to his wife and sister; but that seemed forgotten by Mrs. Norris, who must fancy that she settled it all herself.
Sir Thomas could not give so instantaneous and unqualified a consent.
Sir Thomas did not know what was wanting, because, though a truly anxious father, he was not outwardly affectionate, and the reserve of his manner repressed all the flow of their spirits before him.
Sir Thomas did not quite understand this, and looked with some surprise at the speaker.
Sir Thomas felt as an anxious father must feel, and was indeed experiencing much of the agitation which his wife had been apprehensive of for herself, but had fortunately escaped.
Sir Thomas found it expedient to go to Antigua himself, for the better arrangement of his affairs, and he took his eldest son with him, in the hope of detaching him from some bad connexions at home.
Sir Thomas gave her more credit for discretion on the occasion than she deserved; and Fanny could have blessed her for allowing her only to see her displeasure, and not to hear it.
Sir Thomas had appealed to her reason, conscience, and dignity.
Sir Thomas had been a good deal surprised to find candles burning in his room; and on casting his eye round it, to see other symptoms of recent habitation and a general air of confusion in the furniture.
Sir Thomas had been amusing himself with shaping a very complete outline of the business; and as soon as she would listen quietly, could read his list of the families to be invited, from whom he calculated, with all necessary allowance for the shortness of the notice, to collect young people enough to form twelve or fourteen couple: and could detail the considerations which had induced him to fix on the 22nd as the most eligible day.
Sir Thomas had been quite indifferent to Mr. Crawford's going or staying: but his good wishes for Mr. Yates's having a pleasant journey, as he walked with him to the hall-door, were given with genuine satisfaction.
Sir Thomas had given orders for it.
Sir Thomas has been writing about it, I know.
Sir Thomas heard and was not offended.
Sir Thomas himself was watching her progress down the dance with much complacency; he was proud of his niece; and without attributing all her personal beauty, as Mrs. Norris seemed to do, to her transplantation to Mansfield, he was pleased with himself for having supplied everything else: education and manners she owed to him.
Sir Thomas in the house! All felt the instantaneous conviction.
Sir Thomas listened most politely, but found much to offend his ideas of decorum, and confirm his ill-opinion of Mr. Yates's habits of thinking, from the beginning to the end of the story; and when it was over, could give him no other assurance of sympathy than what a slight bow conveyed.
Sir Thomas looked at her with deeper surprise.
Sir Thomas meant to be giving Mr. Rushworth's opinion in better words than he could find himself.
Sir Thomas promised that it should be so.
Sir Thomas received Mr. Yates with all the appearance of cordiality which was due to his own character, but was really as far from pleased with the necessity of the acquaintance as with the manner of its commencement.
Sir Thomas resolved to speak seriously to her.
Sir Thomas said so.
Sir Thomas saw all the impropriety of such a scheme among such a party, and at such a time, as strongly as his son had ever supposed he must; he felt it too much, indeed, for many words; and having shaken hands with Edmund, meant to try to lose the disagreeable impression, and forget how much he had been forgotten himself as soon as he could, after the house had been cleared of every object enforcing the remembrance, and restored to its proper state.
Sir Thomas sent friendly advice and professions, Lady Bertram dispatched money and baby-linen, and Mrs. Norris wrote the letters.
Sir Thomas set off, Edmund would go with him, and the others had been left in a state of wretchedness, inferior only to what followed the receipt of the next letters from London.
Sir Thomas soon appeared, and Maria saw with delight and agitation the introduction of the man she loved to her father.
Sir Thomas was as joyful as she could desire, and very kind and communicative; and she had so comfortable a talk with him about William as to make her feel as if nothing had occurred to vex her, till she found, towards the close, that Mr. Crawford was engaged to return and dine there that very day.
Sir Thomas was indeed the life of the party, who at his suggestion now seated themselves round the fire.
Sir Thomas was most cordially anxious for the perfection of Mr. Crawford's character in that point.
Sir Thomas was obliged, or obliged himself, to wait till the morrow for a knowledge of what had passed between the young people.
Sir Thomas was preparing to act upon this letter, without communicating its contents to any creature at Mansfield, when it was followed by another, sent express from the same friend, to break to him the almost desperate situation in which affairs then stood with the young people.
Sir Thomas was satisfied; too glad to be satisfied, perhaps, to urge the matter quite so far as his judgment might have dictated to others.
Sir Thomas was to return in November, and his eldest son had duties to call him earlier home.
Sir Thomas will take care of that.
Sir Thomas would have been deeply mortified by a suspicion of half that his daughters felt on the subject of his return, and would hardly have found consolation in a knowledge of the interest it excited in the breast of another young lady.
Sir Thomas would not hear of it; and Mrs. Norris's anger against Fanny was so much the greater, from considering her residence there as the motive.
Sir Thomas wrote of it with as much decision as experience and anxiety could authorise.
Sir Thomas's parental solicitude and high sense of honour and decorum, Edmund's upright principles, unsuspicious temper, and genuine strength of feeling, made her think it scarcely possible for them to support life and reason under such disgrace; and it appeared to her that, as far as this world alone was concerned, the greatest blessing to every one of kindred with Mrs. Rushworth would be instant annihilation.
Sir Thomas's return made a striking change in the ways of the family, independent of Lovers' Vows.
Sir Thomas's sending away his son seemed to her so like a parent's care, under the influence of a foreboding of evil to himself, that she could not help feeling dreadful presentiments; and as the long evenings of autumn came on, was so terribly haunted by these ideas, in the sad solitariness of her cottage, as to be obliged to take daily refuge in the dining-room of the Park.
Sir Thomas, drawing back from intimacies in general, was particularly disinclined, at this time, for any engagements but in one quarter.
Sir Thomas, however, remained yet a little longer in town, in the hope of discovering and snatching her from farther vice, though all was lost on the side of character.
Sir Thomas, however, was truly happy in the prospect of an alliance so unquestionably advantageous, and of which he heard nothing but the perfectly good and agreeable.
Sir Thomas, indeed, was, by this time, not very far from classing Mrs. Norris as one of those well-meaning people who are always doing mistaken and very disagreeable things.
Sir Thomas, meanwhile, went on with his own hopes and his own observations, still feeling a right, by all his knowledge of human nature, to expect to see the effect of the loss of power and consequence on his niece's spirits, and the past attentions of the lover producing a craving for their return; and he was soon afterwards able to account for his not yet completely and indubitably seeing all this, by the prospect of another visitor, whose approach he could allow to be quite enough to support the spirits he was watching.
Sir Thomas, poor Sir Thomas, a parent, and conscious of errors in his own conduct as a parent, was the longest to suffer.
Sir W. Thompson concludes that th consolidation of the crust can hardly have occurred less than twenty o more than four hundred million years ago, but probably not less tha ninety-eight or more than two hundred million years.
Sit down, my dear.
Sitting and calling to Pug, and trying to keep him from the flower-beds, was almost too much for me.
Sitting forwards, however, and screened by her bonnet, those smiles were unseen.
Sitting in among the wares he dealt in, by a charcoal stove, made of old bricks, was a grey-haired rascal, nearly seventy years of age; who had screened himself from the cold air without, by a frousy curtaining of miscellaneous tatters, hung upon a line; and smoked his pipe in all the luxury of calm retirement.
Sitting with her on Sunday evening - a wet Sunday evening - the very time of all others when, if a friend is at hand, the heart must be opened, and everything told; no one else in the room, except his mother, who, after hearing an affecting sermon, had cried herself to sleep, it was impossible not to speak; and so, with the usual beginnings, hardly to be traced as to what came first, and the usual declaration that if she would listen to him for a few minutes, he should be very brief, and certainly never tax her kindness in the same way again; she need not fear a repetition; it would be a subject prohibited entirely: he entered upon the luxury of relating circumstances and sensations of the first interest to himself, to one of whose affectionate sympathy he was quite convinced.
Sitting-room, bedroom, lumber-room.
Sleep as long as you can, and never mind me.
Sleeping or waking, my head has been full of this matter all night.
Slow and insensible changes of this kind could never b recognised unless actual measurements or careful drawings of the breeds i question have been made long ago, which may serve for comparison.
Slow though the process of selection may be, if feeble man can do much b artificial selection, I can see no limit to the amount of change, to th beauty and complexity of the coadaptations between all organic beings, on with another and with their physical conditions of life, which may hav been effected in the long course of time through nature's power o selection, that is by the survival of the fittest.
Small an broken groups and sub-groups will finally disappear.
Small inky-looking clouds foretell rain; a light scud, driving acros heavy clouds, wind and rain; but if alone, wind only.
Snakes act on the same principle which makes the hen ruffle her feather and expand her wings when a dog approaches her chickens.
So I believe it to be with varieties of plants; and with animals one variety certainly often has this prepotent power over another variety.
So I managed it all; as I have done with such-like matters before.
So I may say I chose her looks.
So I mused till Dick's laugh brought me back into the Oxfordshire hay-fields.
So I saw how the land lay, and said that he was very unhappy, and not at all well; which last at any rate was a lie.
So I thought I might never see you again, and that seemed uncomfortable to me, and - and so I came after you.
So I tried to look unconcerned, and to glance in a matter-of-course way at the banks of the river, though this is what I saw up to the bridge and a little beyond; say as far as the site of the soap-works.
So I will, Edmund.
So Oxford and my learned lecture on it, all got at second-hand from my old kinsman, must wait till we come down the water a fortnight hence.
So again I hav lately acquired decisive evidence that the crossed offspring from th Indian humped and common cattle are inter se perfectly fertile; and fro the observations by Rutimeyer on their important osteological differences as well as from those by Mr. Blyth on their differences in habits, voice constitution, etc., these two forms must be regarded as good and distinc species.
So again a vast number of mature animal and plants, whether or not they be the best adapted to their conditions must be annually destroyed by accidental causes, which would not be in th least degree mitigated by certain changes of structure or constitutio which would in other ways be beneficial to the species.
So again among hybrids which are usually intermediate i structure between their parents, exceptional and abnormal individual sometimes are born, which closely resemble one of their pure parents; an these hybrids are almost always utterly sterile, even when the othe hybrids raised from seed from the same capsule have a considerable degre of fertility.
So again certain instincts cannot be considered a absolutely perfect; but as details on this and other such points are no indispensable, they may be here passed over.
So again i has been shown that generally the embryos of the most distinct specie belonging to the same class are closely similar, but become, when full developed, widely dissimilar.
So again in th mountainous island of Fernando Po, in the Gulf of Guinea, Mr. Mann foun temperate European forms beginning to appear at the height of about fiv thousand feet.
So again in the udders of the genus Bos, there are normally fou developed and two rudimentary teats; but the latter in our domestic cow sometimes become well developed and yield milk.
So again it i difficult to avoid personifying the word Nature; but I mean by nature, onl the aggregate action and product of many natural laws, and by laws th sequence of events as ascertained by us.
So again the two main divisions o cirripedes, the pedunculated and sessile, though differing widely i external appearance, have larvae in all their stages barel distinguishable.
So again with the varieties o sheep:  it has been asserted that certain mountain-varieties will starv out other mountain-varieties, so that they cannot be kept together.
So again, if the three families formed of eigh genera (a14 to m14), on the uppermost line, be supposed to differ from eac other by half-a-dozen important characters, then the families which existe at a period marked VI would certainly have differed from each other by  less number of characters; for they would at this early stage of descen have diverged in a less degree from their common progenitor.
So again, it i probable, from what we know of the embryos of mammals, birds, fishes an reptiles, that these animals are the modified descendants of some ancien progenitor, which was furnished in its adult state with branchiae, a swim bladder, four fin-like limbs, and a long tail, all fitted for an aquati life.
So again, many succulent plants cannot endure a damp climate.
So again, when we find a species disappearing before the las layers have been deposited, it would be equally rash to suppose that i then became extinct.
So conversely it will b with the northern hemisphere, while the southern passes through a glacia period.
So did Topper when he came.
So did every one when they came.
So did the plump sister when she came.
So did the room, the fire, the ruddy glow, the hour of night, and they stood in the city streets on Christmas morning, where (for the weather was severe) the people made a rough, but brisk and not unpleasant kind of music, in scraping the snow from the pavement in front of their dwellings, and from the tops of their houses, whence it was mad delight to the boys to see it come plumping down into the road below, and splitting into artificial little snow-storms.
So ended their discourse, which, for any very appropriate service it could render Fanny, might as well have been spared, for Mrs. Norris had not the smallest intention of taking her.
So far as the masses of the oppressed class furthered this scheme of improvement, they did it to get themselves improved slave-rations - as many of them as could.
So far from being all satisfied and all enjoying, she found everybody requiring something they had not, and giving occasion of discontent to the others.
So far his merits were recognised by the most sceptical.
So far the State Socialists were justified by the result.
So far, so good.
So go to your Welshmen, by all means; but first of all bring us another bottle of wine to this nook, and then be off as soon as you like; and come again and fetch our friend to go westward, but not too soon.
So greatly has the climate of Europe changed, that in Norther Italy, gigantic moraines, left by old glaciers, are now clothed by the vin and maize.
So had all.
So he listened for the hour.
So her poor dear sister Price was left to all the disappointment of her missing such an opportunity, and another twenty years' absence, perhaps, begun.
So in the general economy of any land the more widely and perfectly the animals and plants are diversified fo different habits of life, so will a greater number of individuals b capable of there supporting themselves.
So instead of bothering, you had much better go out to James Allen's and get a carriage for me, as I shall drive him up myself; and please tell Jim to let me have the old grey, for I can drive a wherry much better than a carriage.
So is fog.
So is the resemblanc between a mouse and a shrew-mouse (Sorex), which belong to differen orders; and the still closer resemblance, insisted on by Mr. Mivart between the mouse and a small marsupial animal (Antechinus) of Australia.
So it has probably bee with the turnspit dog; and this is known to have been the case with th ancon sheep.
So it i with hybrids, for their degree of fertility is often found to diffe greatly in the several individuals raised from seed out of the same capsul and exposed to the same conditions.
So it is a point of honour with us not to be self-centred; not to suppose that the world must cease because one man is sorry; therefore we should think it foolish, or if you will, criminal, to exaggerate these matters of sentiment and sensibility: we are no more inclined to eke out our sentimental sorrows than to cherish our bodily pains; and we recognise that there are other pleasures besides love-making.
So it is if we look to pas times, and compare the species which have just passed away with those stil living within the same areas; or if we compare the fossil species embedde in the sub-stages of the same geological formation.
So it is whe we travel northward, but in a somewhat lesser degree, for the number o species of all kinds, and therefore of competitors, decreases northward hence in going northward, or in ascending a mountain, we far oftener mee with stunted forms, due to the DIRECTLY injurious action of climate, tha we do in proceeding southward or in descending a mountain.
So it is with fishes.
So it is with hybrids, for their offspring in successive generations ar eminently liable to vary, as every experimentalist has observed.
So it is with most of th inhabitants of fresh water, for many of the genera in the most distinc classes range over the world, and many of the species have enormous ranges.
So it is with plants; cases could be given of introduce plants which have become common throughout whole islands in a period o less than ten years.
So it is with th flowers of plants.
So it is with the inhabitants of lakes and marshes excepting in so far as great facility of transport has allowed the sam forms to prevail throughout large portions of the world.
So it is with the music o birds.
So it is with the nests of birds, which vary partly i dependence on the situations chosen, and on the nature and temperature o the country inhabited, but often from causes wholly unknown to us.
So it is with the other animals, and with  large proportion of the plants, as shown by Dr. Hooker in his admirabl Flora of this archipelago.
So it is with the plants and insects on small and uniform islets:  also i small ponds of fresh water.
So it is with the reciprocally dimorphic and trimorphic plant previously alluded to.
So it is with the wonderfully complex jaws and legs o crustaceans.
So it is with young pheasants reared in England under a hen.
So it is, a I have myself observed, with some dimorphic plants.
So it probably will be with many whole collatera lines of descent, which will be conquered by later and improved lines.
So it will be with plants.
So little is this subject understood, that I hav heard surprise repeatedly expressed at such great monsters as the Mastodo and the more ancient Dinosaurians having become extinct; as if mere bodil strength gave victory in the battle of life.
So long divided and so differently situated, the ties of blood were little more than nothing.
So many strang contingencies are improbable in the highest degree.
So may it be for ages and ages! The old man fell into a reverie, not altogether without melancholy I thought; but I would not break it.
So much was this the case that some of those more enlightened men who were then called Socialists, although they well knew, and even stated in public, that the only reasonable condition of Society was that of pure Communism (such as you now see around you), yet shrunk from what seemed to them the barren task of preaching the realisation of a happy dream.
So necessary are the visits of bees to man papilionaceous flowers, that their fertility is greatly diminished if thes visits be prevented.
So not being able to say why I wanted the locks away - which, indeed, I didn't do at all - I held my peace.
So often as she had heard them wish for a ball at home as the greatest of all felicities! And to have them away when it was given - and for her to be opening the ball -  and with Mr. Crawford too! She hoped they would not envy her that distinction now; but when she looked back to the state of things in the autumn, to what they had all been to each other when once dancing in that house before, the present arrangement was almost more than she could understand herself.
So presently she let her broom drop again, and came and took me by the hand and led me out on to the terrace above the river, to a little table under the boughs, where my bread and milk took the form of as dainty a breakfast as any one could desire, and then sat by me as I ate.
So she left poor Dick; I say poor Dick, because he had not found any one else.
So surely as they raised their voices, the old man got quite blithe and loud; and so surely as they stopped, his vigour sank again.
So tha with dimorphic species two unions, which may be called legitimate, ar fully fertile; and two, which may be called illegitimate, are more or les infertile.
So that I don't think that the old dead king would be much hurt if he were to come to life and see what we are doing there.
So that by this fundamental test o victory in the battle for life, as well as by the standard of th specialisation of organs, modern forms ought, on the theory of natura selection, to stand higher than ancient forms.
So that here we have two bodies of sterile workers in the same nest differing not only in size, but in their organs of vision, yet connected b some few members in an intermediate condition.
So that it may be fairly said that the great achievement of the nineteenth century was the making of machines which were wonders of invention, skill, and patience, and which were used for the production of measureless quantities of worthless make-shifts.
So that th islands of Bermuda and Madeira have been stocked from the neighbourin continents with birds, which for long ages have there struggled together and have become mutually co-adapted.
So that th number of intermediate and transitional links, between all living an extinct species, must have been inconceivably great.
So that the acknowledged varieties have very nearly the sam restricted average range, as have the closely allied forms, marked for m by Mr. Watson as doubtful species, but which are almost universally ranke by British botanists as good and true species.
So that the comparativ value of the differences between these organic beings, which are al related to each other in the same degree in blood, has come to be widel different.
So that the masters in this country receive much les service from their slaves than they do in Switzerland.
So that three marine faunas rang northward and southward in parallel lines not far from each other, unde corresponding climate; but from being separated from each other b impassable barriers, either of land or open sea, they are almost wholl distinct.
So that we are reduced to conside whether the exceptions to continuity of range are so numerous, and of s grave a nature, that we ought to give up the belief, rendered probable b general considerations, that each species has been produced within on area, and has migrated thence as far as it could.
So that we have got rid of the scowling envy, coupled by the poets with hatred, and surely with good reason; heaps of unhappiness and ill-blood were caused by it, which with irritable and passionate men - i.e., energetic and active men - often led to violence.
So that we here have many specie descended from a single progenitor grouped into genera; and the genera int subfamilies, families and orders, all under one great class.
So that we might obtain th parent-species and its several modified descendants from the lower an upper beds of the same formation, and unless we obtained numerou transitional gradations, we should not recognise their blood-relationship and should consequently rank them as distinct species.
So that whatever is made is good, and thoroughly fit for its purpose.
So that while (of course) they could not free themselves from the toil of making real necessaries, they created in a never-ending series sham or artificial necessaries, which became, under the iron rule of the aforesaid World-Market, of equal importance to them with the real necessaries which supported life.
So that, if the electri organs had been inherited from some one ancient progenitor, we might hav expected that all electric fishes would have been specially related to eac other; but this is far from the case.
So that, in any one region and at any one time, we ought to see only a fe species presenting slight modifications of structure in some degre permanent; and this assuredly we do see.
So that, you see, the ordinarily healthy woman (and almost all our women are both healthy and at least comely), respected as a child-bearer and rearer of children, desired as a woman, loved as a companion, unanxious for the future of her children, has far more instinct for maternity than the poor drudge and mother of drudges of past days could ever have had; or than her sister of the upper classes, brought up in affected ignorance of natural facts, reared in an atmosphere of mingled prudery and prurience.
So the Government massed soldiers and police here and there - and sat still for that night, fully expecting on the morrow some manifesto from 'the rebels,' as they now began to be called, which would give them an opportunity of acting in some way or another.
So the next morning, the morning of the third day of the strike, when the members of the Committee of Public Safety appeared again before the magistrate, they found themselves treated with the greatest possible courtesy - in fact, rather as envoys and ambassadors than prisoners.
So the uniform remained at Portsmouth, and Edmund conjectured that before Fanny had any chance of seeing it, all its own freshness and all the freshness of its wearer's feelings must be worn away.
So they entered the yard in Indian file, like a tramp and his wife.
So they grew to be such friends with it, that, before lying down in their beds, they always looked out once again, to bid it good night; and when they were turning round to sleep, they used to say, 'God bless the star! But while she was still very young, oh, very, very young, the sister drooped, and came to be so weak that she could no longer stand in the window at night; and then the child looked sadly out by himself, and when he saw the star, turned round and said to the patient pale face on the bed, 'I see the star!' and then a smile would come upon the face, and a little weak voice used to say, 'God bless my brother and the star! And so the time came all too soon! when the child looked out alone, and when there was no face on the bed; and when there was a little grave among the graves, not there before; and when the star made long rays down towards him, as he saw it through his tears.
So things went on until the famous occasion when Mr. Naseby, becoming engrossed in securing the election of a sound party candidate to Parliament, wrote a flaming letter to the papers.
So thought Fanny, in good truth and sober sadness, as she sat musing over that too great indulgence and luxury of a fire upstairs: wondering at the past and present; wondering at what was yet to come, and in a nervous agitation which made nothing clear to her but the persuasion of her being never under any circumstances able to love Mr. Crawford, and the felicity of having a fire to sit over and think of it.
So under nature with the nascent giraffe, th individuals which were the highest browsers and were able during dearths t reach even an inch or two above the others, will often have been preserved for they will have roamed over the whole country in search of food.
So utterly helpless are the masters, that whe Huber shut up thirty of them without a slave, but with plenty of the foo which they like best, and with their larvae and pupae to stimulate them t work, they did nothing; they could not even feed themselves, and man perished of hunger.
So very fond of you as Miss Crawford is, it is most natural that she should tell you enough of her own feelings to furnish a tolerable guess at mine.
So we got under way again; and I asked if children generally waited on people in the markets.
So we got up and went down to our boat - Ellen thoughtful and abstracted; the old man very kind and courteous, as if to make up for his crabbedness of opinion.
So we may believe that the progenitor of the seal did not possess  flipper, but a foot with five toes fitted for walking or grasping; and w may further venture to believe that the several bones in the limbs of th monkey, horse and bat, were originally developed, on the principle o utility, probably through the reduction of more numerous bones in the fi of some ancient fish-like progenitor of the whole class.
So we shake off these griefs in a way which perhaps the sentimentalists of other times would think contemptible and unheroic, but which we think necessary and manlike.
So we shook hands and turned our backs on the Obstinate Refusers, went down the slope to our boat, and before we had gone many steps heard the full tune of tinkling trowels mingle with the humming of the bees and the singing of the larks above the little plain of Basildon.
So with natural species, if we look to forms very distinct, for instance t the horse and tapir, we have no reason to suppose that links directl intermediate between them ever existed, but between each and an unknow common parent.
So with plants it appears that, from having the power o movement in obedience to certain stimuli, they are excited in an incidenta manner by a touch, or by being shaken.
So with that he began: how he had found the Admiral painting in a cafe; how his art so possessed him that he could not wait till he got home to - well, to dash off his idea; how(this in reply to a question) his idea consisted of a cock crowing and two hens eating corn; how he was fond of cocks and hens; how this did not lead him to neglect more ambitious forms of art; how he had a picture in his studio of a Greek subject which was said to be remarkable from several points of view; how no one had seen it nor knew the precise site of the studio in which it was being vigorously though secretly confected; how (in answer to a suggestion) this shyness was common to the Admiral, Michelangelo, and others; how they(Dick and Van Tromp) had struck up an acquaintance at once, and dined together that same night; how he (the Admiral) had once given money to a beggar; how he spoke with effusion of his little daughter; how he had once borrowed money to send her a doll - a trait worthy of Newton, she being then in her nineteenth year at least; how, if the doll never arrived(which it appeared it never did), the trait was only more characteristic of the highest order of creative intellect; how he was - no, not beautiful - striking, yes, Dick would go so far, decidedly striking in appearance; how his boots were made to lace and his coat was black, not cut-away, a frock; and so on, and so on by the yard.
So with the mouths of insects, we have only to suppose that thei common progenitor had an upper lip, mandibles, and two pairs of maxillae these parts being perhaps very simple in form; and then natural selectio will account for the infinite diversity in structure and function of th mouths of insects.
So, again several highly competent observers maintain that the existing production of the United States are more closely related to those which lived i Europe during certain late tertiary stages, than to the present inhabitant of Europe; and if this be so, it is evident that fossiliferous beds no deposited on the shores of North America would hereafter be liable to b classed with somewhat older European beds.
So, again, I was tol that the foals of cart and race-horses - breeds which have been almos wholly formed by selection under domestication - differed as much as th full-grown animals; but having had careful measurements made of the dam and of three-days-old colts of race and heavy cart-horses, I find that thi is by no means the case.
So, conversely, modifications i the adult may affect the structure of the larva; but in all cases natura selection will ensure that they shall not be injurious:  for if they wer so, the species would become extinct.
So, if you are not against it, I will write to my poor sister tomorrow, and make the proposal; and, as soon as matters are settled, I will engage to get the child to Mansfield; you shall have no trouble about it.
So, without more speech, they set out together, and were already got some distance from the spot, ere he observed that she was still carrying the hand-bag.
Soft-looking or delicate clouds foretell fine weather, with moderate of light breezes; hard edged oily-looking clouds, wind.
Soften it as they would, their hearts were lighter.
Soldiers and sailors are always acceptable in society.
Som hawks and owls bolt their prey whole, and after an interval of from twelv to twenty hours, disgorge pellets, which, as I know from experiments mad in the Zoological Gardens, include seeds capable of germination.
Som seeds of the oat, wheat, millet, canary, hemp, clover, and beet germinate after having been from twelve to twenty-one hours in the stomachs o different birds of prey; and two seeds of beet grew after having been thu retained for two days and fourteen hours.
Som well-known laws, with respect to the plumage of male and female birds, i comparison with the plumage of the young, can partly be explained throug the action of sexual selection on variations occurring at different ages and transmitted to the males alone or to both sexes at corresponding ages but I have not space here to enter on this subject.
Some additional explanation is here requisite which I canno give.
Some again were steps on the path of 'State Socialism'; the most important of which can be speedily summed up.
Some authors believe it to be a much the function of the reproductive system to produce individua differences, or slight deviations of structure, as to make the child lik its parents.
Some authors believe that long-continue domestication eliminates this strong tendency to sterility in species.
Some authors have even supposed that, as the individual has a definit length of life, so have species a definite duration.
Some authors have maintained that the amount of variation in our domesti productions is soon reached, and can never afterward be exceeded.
Some authors maintain that organic beings have been formed i many ways for the sake of mere variety, almost like toys in a shop, bu such a view of nature is incredible.
Some authors who have written on Dogs maintain tha the greyhound and bull-dog, though so different, are really closely allie varieties, descended from the same wild stock, hence I was curious to se how far their puppies differed from each other.
Some birds build their nests of mud, believed to be moistened with saliva and one of the swifts of North America makes its nest (as I have seen) o sticks agglutinated with saliva, and even with flakes of this substance.
Some characteristic points of difference - fo instance, that of the width of mouth - could hardly be detected in th young.
Some effect ma be attributed to the direct and definite action of the external condition of life, and some to habit; but he would be a bold man who would account b such agencies for the differences between a dray and race-horse,  greyhound and bloodhound, a carrier and tumbler pigeon.
Some experienced conchologists are now sinking many of the ver fine species of D'Orbigny and others into the rank of varieties; and o this view we do find the kind of evidence of change which on the theory w ought to find.
Some faces I saw that were thoughtful, and in these I noticed great nobility of expression, but none that had a glimmer of unhappiness, and the greater part (we came upon a good many people) were frankly and openly joyous.
Some facts in regard to the colouring of pigeons well deserv consideration.
Some few families of fish now have a confined range; the teleostean fishe might formerly have had a similarly confined range, and after having bee largely developed in some one sea, have spread widely.
Some few families, many subfamilies, very many genera, a stil greater number of sections of genera, are confined to a single region; an it has been observed by several naturalists that the most natural genera or those genera in which the species are most closely related to eac other, are generally confined to the same country, or if they have a wid range that their range is continuous.
Some few naturalists maintain that animals never present varieties; bu then these same naturalists rank the slightest difference as of specifi value; and when the same identical form is met with in two distan countries, or in two geological formations, they believe that two distinc species are hidden under the same dress.
Some few naturalists, o the other hand, have believed that species undergo modification, and tha the existing forms of life are the descendants by true generation of pr existing forms.
Some fresh-water fish belong to very ancient forms, and i such cases there will have been ample time for great geographical changes and consequently time and means for much migration.
Some have even imagined that natural selection induce variability, whereas it implies only the preservation of such variations a arise and are beneficial to the being under its conditions of life.
Some highly competent authorities are convinced that the setter is directl derived from the spaniel, and has probably been slowly altered from it.
Some holly-trees bear only male flowers, which have four stamen producing a rather small quantity of pollen, and a rudimentary pistil other holly-trees bear only female flowers; these have a full-sized pistil and four stamens with shrivelled anthers, in which not a grain of polle can be detected.
Some instances of correlation are quite whimsical; thu cats which are entirely white and have blue eyes are generally deaf; but i has been lately stated by Mr. Tait that this is confined to the males.
Some kind of instinct, or perhaps the distant light footfalls, recalled him, while she was still a good way off, to the possession of his faculties, and he half raised himself and blinked upon the world.
Some members of their society sent away, and the spirits of many others saddened -  it was all sameness and gloom compared with the past -  a sombre family party rarely enlivened.
Some months ago, we had - you will pardon my referring to it, it is absolutely necessary - but we had an unfortunate difference as to facts.
Some movements of the atmosphere may be illustrated by reference to the motion of water drawn off from a reservoir by a small opening below; of by similar upward draught through a syphon; or by a gradual pouring in at the upper surface.
Some observers are convinced that a damp climat affects the growth of the hair, and that with the hair the horns ar correlated.
Some of its young would probably inherit th same habits or structure, and by the repetition of this process, a ne variety might be formed which would either supplant or coexist with th parent-form of wolf.
Some of the man kinds of animals which live on the beach between high and low water mar seem to be rarely preserved.
Some of the most ancient animals, as the Nautilus, Lingula etc., do not differ much from living species; and it cannot on our theor be supposed, that these old species were the progenitors of all the specie belonging to the same groups which have subsequently appeared, for they ar not in any degree intermediate in character.
Some of them are so serious tha to this day I can hardly reflect on them without being in some degre staggered; but, to the best of my judgment, the greater number are onl apparent, and those that are real are not, I think, fatal to the theory.
Some of them, indeed, do here and there show some feeling for those whom the history-books call 'poor,' and of the misery of whose lives we have some inkling; but presently they give it up, and towards the end of the story we must be contented to see the hero and heroine living happily in an island of bliss on other people's troubles; and that after a long series of sham troubles (or mostly sham) of their own making, illustrated by dreary introspective nonsense about their feelings and aspirations, and all the rest of it; while the world must even then have gone on its way, and dug and sewed and baked and built and carpentered round about these useless - animals.
Some of these Australian forms, as I hear from Dr. Hooker, exten along the heights of the peninsula of Malacca, and are thinly scattered o the one hand over India, and on the other hand as far north as Japan.
Some of these changes may occur at a greater or less distance, influencing neighbouring regions, but not visible to each observer whose barometer nevertheless, feels their effect.
Some of these facts do not show actua selection, but they show that the breeding of domestic animals wa carefully attended to in ancient times, and is now attended to by th lowest savages.
Some of these species are s distinct, that we cannot suppose that there has been time since th commencement of the last Glacial period for their migration and subsequen modification to the necessary degree.
Some of these statements differ from thos made by the justly celebrated elder Huber, but I am convinced of thei accuracy; and if I had space, I could show that they are conformable wit my theory.
Some one was talking there in a very loud accent; he did not know the voice - more than talking - almost hallooing.
Some opposition here is, I am thoroughly convinced, friendly to matrimonial happiness.
Some other companion than Mr. Rushworth was of the first consequence to his lady; and Julia was quite as eager for novelty and pleasure as Maria, though she might not have struggled through so much to obtain them, and could better bear a subordinate situation.
Some other correlations are apparently due to the manner i which natural selection can alone act.
Some people laughed to see the alteration in him, but he let them laugh, and little heeded them; for he was wise enough to know that nothing ever happened on this globe, for good, at which some people did not have their fill of laughter in the outset; and knowing that such as these would be blind anyway, he thought it quite as well that they should wrinkle up their eyes in grins, as have the malady in less attractive forms.
Some people, says this story, were going to hold a ward-mote here, or some such thing, and the Government of London, or the Council, or the Commission, or what not other barbarous half-hatched body of fools, fell upon these citizens (as they were then called) with the armed hand.
Some resentment did arise at a perseverance so selfish and ungenerous.
Some semi-domesti breeds, and some truly wild breeds, have, besides the two black bars, th wings chequered with black.
Some shaggy ponies now were seen trotting towards them with boys upon their backs, who called to other boys in country gigs and carts, driven by farmers.
Some species are provided with avicularia an vibracula, some with avicularia alone and a few with vibracula alone.
Some species however, might spread and yet retain the same character throughout th group, just as we see some species spreading widely throughout a continen and remaining the same.
Some species of Molothrus, a widely distinct genus of American birds allied to our starlings, have parasitic habits like those of the cuckoo and the species present an interesting gradation in the perfection of thei instincts.
Some species of Sphegidae (wasp-lik insects) are likewise parasitic; and M. Fabre has lately shown good reaso for believing that, although the Tachytes nigra generally makes its ow burrow and stores it with paralysed prey for its own larvae, yet that, whe this insect finds a burrow already made and stored by another sphex, i takes advantage of the prize, and becomes for the occasion parasitic.
Some species of fresh-water shells have very wide ranges, and allie species which, on our theory, are descended from a common parent, and mus have proceeded from a single source, prevail throughout the world.
Some variations useful to him have probably arisen suddenly or by one step; many botanists, for instance, believe that the fuller' teasel, with its hooks, which can not be rivalled by any mechanica contrivance, is only a variety of the wild Dipsacus; and this amount o change may have suddenly arisen in a seedling.
Some very grave reproof, or at least the coldest expression of indifference, must be coming to distress her brother, and sink her to the ground.
Some whirlwinds are accompanied by rushes from the upper atmosphere from the colder regions, which, mingling with warmer and moister air near the sea, cause dense clouds.
Some writers have objected to any extinct species, or group of species being considered as intermediate between any two living species, or group of species.
Some, however of the northern temperate forms would almost certainly have ascended an adjoining high land, where, if sufficiently lofty, they would have lon survived like the Arctic forms on the mountains of Europe.
Some, perhaps a great, effect may be attributed to the increase use or disuse of parts.
Somehow he gets thoughtful, sitting by himself so much, and thinks the strangest things you ever heard.
Something analogous occurs in grafting; for Thouin found that three specie of Robinia, which seeded freely on their own roots, and which could b grafted with no great difficulty on a fourth species, when thus grafte were rendered barren.
Something arose from difference of disposition and habit: one so easily satisfied, the other so unused to endure; but still more might be imputed to difference of circumstances.
Something else to think of.
Something like tranquillity might now be hoped for; and accordingly, when Rebecca had been prevailed on to carry away the tea-things, and Mrs. Price had walked about the room some time looking for a shirt-sleeve, which Betsey at last hunted out from a drawer in the kitchen, the small party of females were pretty well composed, and the mother having lamented again over the impossibility of getting Sam ready in time, was at leisure to think of her eldest daughter and the friends she had come from.
Something must be fixed on.
Something must have been wanting within, or time would have worn away much of its ill effect.
Something of a theatre we must have undoubtedly, but it will be on the simplest plan: a green curtain and a little carpenter's work, and that's all; and as the carpenter's work may be all done at home by Christopher Jackson himself, it will be too absurd to talk of expense; and as long as Jackson is employed, everything will be right with Sir Thomas.
Something of the sam kind applies to monstrosities:  at least Is.
Something, but how muc we do not know, may be attributed to the definite action of the condition of life.
Sometimes how quick to feel! With a graver look and voice she then added, 'I do not mean to defend Henry at your sister's expense.' So she began, but how she went on, Fanny, is not fit, is hardly fit to be repeated to you.
Sometimes it is only the earlier developmental stages which fail.
Sometimes people new to the business called Scrooge Scrooge, and sometimes Marley, but he answered to both names.
Sometimes severe weather from an equatorial direction, not lasting long, may cause no great fall of the barometer, because followed by a duration of wind from polar regions.
Sometimes, though rarely, at sea the mercury seems stopped.
Soon after the second breakfast, Edmund bade them good-bye for a week, and mounted his horse for Peterborough, and then all were gone.
Soon after, making a considerable disturbance amid the vast silence of the night, the clock lifted up its voice, whined for a while like a partridge, and then eleven times hooted like a cuckoo.
Soon afterward Fritz Muller discovered that the young stems of an Alisma and of a Linum - plants which do not climb and are widely separated in the natural system - revolved plainly, though irregularly, and he states that he has reason t suspect that this occurs with some other plants.
Soon the eye proper to th lower side begins to glide slowly round the head to the upper side; bu does not pass right through the skull, as was formerly thought to be th case.
Sotherton is the only place that could give her a wish to go so far, but it cannot be, indeed.
Sout of the Amazon, Boue colours an area composed of rocks of this nature a equal to that of Spain, France, Italy, part of Germany, and the Britis Islands, all conjoined.
Southerly, in North latitude; the reverse in the Souther hemisphere.
Southward of the Asiatic continent, on the opposite side of th equator, we know, from the excellent researches of Dr. J. Haast and Dr. Hector, that in New Zealand immense glaciers formerly descended to a lo level; and the same plants, found by Dr. Hooker on widely separate mountains in this island tell the same story of a former cold period.
Speak out plain.
Species and groups of species whic are called aberrant, and which may fancifully be called living fossils will aid us in forming a picture of the ancient forms of life.
Species belonging to different genera and classes have not changed at th same rate, or in the same degree.
Species inheriting nearly the same constitution fro a common parent, and exposed to similar influences, naturally tend t present analogous variations, or these same species may occasionally rever to some of the characters of their ancient progenitors.
Species ver closely allied to other species apparently have restricted ranges.
Species, however, probably change much more slowly, and within the sam country only a few change at the same time.
Specific characters - that is, the characters which have come to diffe since the several species of the same genus branched off from a commo parent - are more variable than generic characters, or those which have lon been inherited, and have not differed within this same period.
Spiders, again, barel undergo any metamorphosis.
Squire Naseby, on sitting down to lunch, had inquired for Dick, whom he had not seen since the day before at dinner; and the servant answering awkwardly that Master Richard had come back but had gone out again with the pony phaeton, his suspicions became aroused, and he cross-questioned the man until the whole was out.
St.
Starting and looking up, she saw, across the lobby she had just reached, Edmund himself, standing at the head of a different staircase.
Stay with us, and we will cure you.
Step this way, sir, if you please.
Stil more striking is the evidence from our domestic animals of many kinds whic have run wild in several parts of the world; if the statements of the rat of increase of slow-breeding cattle and horses in South America, an latterly in Australia, had not been well authenticated, they would hav been incredible.
Still Esther continued immovable and gazed upon the candle.
Still Mrs. Norris was at intervals urging something different; and in the most interesting moment of his passage to England, when the alarm of a French privateer was at the height, she burst through his recital with the proposal of soup.
Still less can this have happened during the alternate periods o elevation; or, to speak more accurately, the beds which were the accumulated will generally have been destroyed by being upraised an brought within the limits of the coast-action.
Still less do we know o the mutual relations of the innumerable inhabitants of the world during th many past geological epochs in its history.
Still less is it meant, tha species which have the capacity of crossing barriers and ranging widely, a in the case of certain powerfully-winged birds, will necessarily rang widely; for we should never forget that to range widely implies not onl the power of crossing barriers, but the more important power of bein victorious in distant lands in the struggle for life with foreig associates.
Still more briefly I have attempted to show that instincts var slightly in a state of nature.
Still more recently, a Pyrgoma, a member o a distinct subfamily of sessile cirripedes, has been discovered by Mr. Woodward in the upper chalk; so that we now have abundant evidence of th existence of this group of animals during the secondary period.
Still more striking is the fact that peculiar Australian forms ar represented by certain plants growing on the summits of the mountains o Borneo.
Still, however, Fanny was oppressed and wearied; he saw it in her looks, it could not be talked away; and attempting it no more, he led her directly, with the kind authority of a privileged guardian, into the house.
Still, however, it was her private regale.
Stop till I shut the door of the shop.
Strike, Shadow, strike! And see his good deeds springing from the wound, to sow the world with life immortal No voice pronounced these words in Scrooge's ears, and yet he heard them when he looked upon the bed.
Subject to these allowances, the fauna of each geologica period undoubtedly is intermediate in character, between the preceding an succeeding faunas.
Subsequently to my experiments, M. Martens tried similar ones, but in  much better manner, for he placed the seeds in a box in the actual sea, s that they were alternately wet and exposed to the air like really floatin plants.
Suc cases as the presence of peculiar species of bats on oceanic islands an the absence of all other terrestrial mammals, are facts utterl inexplicable on the theory of independent acts of creation.
Suc considerations as these incline me to lay less weight on the direct actio of the surrounding conditions, than on a tendency to vary, due to causes o which we are quite ignorant.
Suc facts as the complex and extraordinary out growths which variably follo from the insertion of a minute drop of poison by a gall-producing insect shows us what singular modifications might result in the case of plant from a chemical change in the nature of the sap.
Suc faith may be placed in the power of selection that a breed of cattle always yielding oxen with extraordinarily long horns, could, it i probable, be formed by carefully watching which individual bulls and cows when matched, produced oxen with the longest horns; and yet no one ox woul ever have propagated its kind.
Successive formations are in most cases separated from each othe by blank intervals of time of great length, for fossiliferous formation thick enough to resist future degradation can, as a general rule, b accumulated only where much sediment is deposited on the subsiding bed o the sea.
Such a admission, however, ought not to be made without strong evidence bein assigned.
Such a bustle ensued that you might have thought a goose the rarest of all birds; a feathered phenomenon, to which a black swan was a matter of course - and in truth it was something very like it in that house.
Such a diagram may be filled up by uncorrected observations.
Such a forward young lady may well frighten the men.
Such a look of reproach at Edmund from his father she could never have expected to witness; and to feel that it was in any degree deserved was an aggravation indeed.
Such a man could come from no place, no society, without importing something to amuse; his journeys and his acquaintance were all of use, and Susan was entertained in a way quite new to her.
Such a match as Miss Bertram has made is a public blessing; for the first pleasures of Mr. Rushworth's wife must be to fill her house, and give the best balls in the country.
Such a penance as I have been enduring, while you were sitting here so composed and so happy! It might have been as well, perhaps, if you had been in my place, but you always contrive to keep out of these scrapes.
Such a place as Sotherton Court deserves everything that taste and money can do.
Such a pressure holds the limpet to the rock when, by contracting itself, the fish has made a place without airunder it shell.
Such a trifle is not worth half so many words.
Such a victory over Edmund's discretion had been beyond their hopes, and was most delightful.
Such a way of life as that, could only have been conceived of by people surrounded by the worst form of poverty.
Such alone are the unimportant differences which Gartner is able to poin out between hybrid and mongrel plants.
Such and such-like were the reasonings of Sir Thomas, happy to escape the embarrassing evils of a rupture, the wonder, the reflections, the reproach that must attend it; happy to secure a marriage which would bring him such an addition of respectability and influence, and very happy to think anything of his daughter's disposition that was most favourable for the purpose.
Such are the facts, though they did not need confirmation by me, in regar to the wonderful instinct of making slaves.
Such cases are highly important, for they prov that the capacity in any two species to cross is often completel independent of their systematic affinity, that is of any difference i their structure or constitution, excepting in their reproductive systems.
Such changes as these ones may be misled, and calamity may be the consequence if not thus forewarned.
Such changes, however, reach their acme in the so called alternate generations of some of the lower animals.
Such characters are not of course of specific value, but they are as Asa Gray has remarked in commenting on this memoir, such as generall enter into specific definitions.
Such considerations show in some degree why the barometric change usually precede, but sometimes only accompany, changes of weather and though very rarely, occur without any sensible alteration in the wind current of the atmosphere.
Such doctrines, if true, would be absolutely fatal to my theory.
Such had been the parcel with which Miss Crawford was provided, and such the object of her intended visit: and in the kindest manner she now urged Fanny's taking one for the cross and to keep for her sake, saying everything she could think of to obviate the scruples which were making Fanny start back at first with a look of horror at the proposal.
Such half-and-half doings never prosper.
Such is the sum of the several chief objections and difficulties which ma justly be urged against the theory; and I have now briefly recapitulate the answers and explanations which, as far as I can see, may be given.
Such language was so new to Fanny that it quite embarrassed her.
Such opinions found a more violent expression in the mouths of contemporary poets: the infamous Ode to a Clockmaker, which shook society, began somewhat thus It was felt universally that the poet had advanced too far.
Such parts, whether more o less modified, unless their common origin became wholly obscured, would b serially homologous.
Such people are thoroughly happy in their business, all the more as they are dealing with actual facts, and not merely passing counters round to see what share they shall have in the privileged taxation of useful people, which was the business of the commercial folk in past days.
Such people as that, 'tis a great pleasure seeing them so happy over work which is not much sought for.
Such sensations, however, were too near akin to resentment to be long guiding Fanny's soliloquies.
Such thick an extensive accumulations of sediment may be formed in two ways; either i profound depths of the sea, in which case the bottom will not be inhabite by so many and such varied forms of life as the more shallow seas; and th mass when upraised will give an imperfect record of the organisms whic existed in the neighbourhood during the period of its accumulation.
Such things do not please us, even when they indicate no misery.
Such things exist.
Such was his instinctive compliment to the good manners of Mr. Crawford; and, be the consequence what it might, Fanny's immediate feelings were infinitely soothed.
Such was his opinion of the set into which she had thrown herself.
Such was the home which was to put Mansfield out of her head, and teach her to think of her cousin Edmund with moderated feelings.
Such was the origin of the sort of intimacy which took place between them within the first fortnight after the Miss Bertrams' going away - an intimacy resulting principally from Miss Crawford's desire of something new, and which had little reality in Fanny's feelings.
Such was the report of grave and critical historians; in the mouths of the untutored, it ran otherwise.
Such was the state of Mansfield, and so it continued, with scarcely any change, till Easter.
Such was the state of affairs in the month of July; and Fanny had just reached her eighteenth year, when the society of the village received an addition in the brother and sister of Mrs. Grant, a Mr. and Miss Crawford, the children of her mother by a second marriage.
Such were its immediate effects, and within a twelvemonth a more important advantage to Mrs. Price resulted from it.
Such were the counsels by which Mrs. Norris assisted to form her nieces' minds; and it is not very wonderful that, with all their promising talents and early information, they should be entirely deficient in the less common acquirements of self-knowledge, generosity and humility.
Such work is always pleasant if you don't overdo it.
Sudden falls of the barometer, with a Westerly wind, are sometimes followed by violent storms from North.
Suddenly a man, in foreign garments: wonderfully real and distinct to look at: stood outside the window, with an axe stuck in his belt, and leading by the bridle an ass laden with wood.
Suffice it, that he has behaved in the most gentlemanlike and generous manner, and has confirmed me in a most favourable opinion of his understanding, heart, and temper.
Sunday always brought this comfort to Fanny, and on this Sunday she felt it more than ever.
Sunset was in the sky as we skirted Oxford by Oseney; we stopped a minute or two hard by the ancient castle to put Henry Morsom ashore.
Suppose her a pretty girl, and seen by Tom or Edmund for the first time seven years hence, and I dare say there would be mischief.
Suppose it should not be done enough! Suppose it should break in turning out! Suppose somebody should have got over the wall of the back-yard, and stolen it, while they were merry with the goose - a supposition at which the two young Cratchits became livid! All sorts of horrors were supposed.
Suppose the world is unjust, suppose that no one understands you, you have still a duty to yourself.
Suppose you let her have your aromatic vinegar; I always forget to have mine filled.
Supposing B and C t be two species, and a third, A, to be found in an older and underlying bed even if A were strictly intermediate between B and C, it would simply b ranked as a third and distinct species, unless at the same time it could b closely connected by intermediate varieties with either one or both forms.
Supposing a gale of wind is blowing, an you are sailing with a fair wind, does the barometer show any change of wind?
Supposing it to survive and to breed, and that half its young inherited th favourable variation; still, as the Reviewer goes onto show, the youn would have only a slightly better chance of surviving and breeding; an this chance would go on decreasing in the succeeding generations.
Supposing the wind was at West-north-west and it shifted suddenly to West-south-west, would the barometer indicate that?
Surely if we, in dread of an occasional rare homicide, an occasional rough blow, were solemnly and legally to commit homicide and violence, we could only be a society of ferocious cowards.
Surely only the worst of them were as bad as that.
Surely the sharper, shorter remedy was the happiest.
Surprise, consciousness, and pleasure appeared in each of the three on this unexpected meeting; and as Edmund was come on the very same business that had brought Miss Crawford, consciousness and pleasure were likely to be more than momentary in them.
Susan and an attendant girl, whose inferior appearance informed Fanny, to her great surprise, that she had previously seen the upper servant, brought in everything necessary for the meal; Susan looking, as she put the kettle on the fire and glanced at her sister, as if divided between the agreeable triumph of shewing her activity and usefulness, and the dread of being thought to demean herself by such an office.
Susan became the stationary niece, delighted to be so; and equally well adapted for it by a readiness of mind, and an inclination for usefulness, as Fanny had been by sweetness of temper, and strong feelings of gratitude.
Susan could never be spared.
Susan had always behaved pleasantly to herself, but the determined character of her general manners had astonished and alarmed her, and it was at least a fortnight before she began to understand a disposition so totally different from her own.
Susan had an open, sensible countenance; she was like William, and Fanny hoped to find her like him in disposition and goodwill towards herself.
Susan had read nothing, and Fanny longed to give her a share in her own first pleasures, and inspire a taste for the biography and poetry which she delighted in herself.
Susan saw that much was wrong at home, and wanted to set it right.
Susan shewed that she had delicacy: pleased as she was to be mistress of property which she had been struggling for at least two years, she yet feared that her sister's judgment had been against her, and that a reproof was designed her for having so struggled as to make the purchase necessary for the tranquillity of the house.
Susan too was a grievance.
Susan tried to be useful, where she could only have gone away and cried; and that Susan was useful she could perceive; that things, bad as they were, would have been worse but for such interposition, and that both her mother and Betsey were restrained from some excesses of very offensive indulgence and vulgarity.
Susan was always ready to hear and to sympathise.
Susan was growing very fond of her, and though without any of the early delight in books which had been so strong in Fanny, with a disposition much less inclined to sedentary pursuits, or to information for information's sake, she had so strong a desire of not appearing ignorant, as, with a good clear understanding, made her a most attentive, profitable, thankful pupil.
Susan was her only companion and listener on this, as on more common occasions.
Susan was only acting on the same truths, and pursuing the same system, which her own judgment acknowledged, but which her more supine and yielding temper would have shrunk from asserting.
Susan, she found, looked up to her and wished for her good opinion; and new as anything like an office of authority was to Fanny, new as it was to imagine herself capable of guiding or informing any one, she did resolve to give occasional hints to Susan, and endeavour to exercise for her advantage the juster notions of what was due to everybody, and what would be wisest for herself, which her own more favoured education had fixed in her.
Susan, who had an innate taste for the genteel and well-appointed, was eager to hear, and Fanny could not but indulge herself in dwelling on so beloved a theme.
Susan, you should have taken care of the fire.
Suspense must be submitted to, and must not be allowed to wear her out, and make her useless.
Systematists will be able to pursue their labours as at present but they will not be incessantly haunted by the shadowy doubt whether thi or that form be a true species.
Systematists will have only to decide (not that this will be easy) whethe any form be sufficiently constant and distinct from other forms, to b capable of definition; and if definable, whether the differences b sufficiently important to deserve a specific name.
T admit this view is, as it seems to me, to reject a real for an unreal, o at least for an unknown cause.
THE CARAFFE stood on a table in the midst of the room.
Take care of the cheese, Fanny.
Take heed! It put out its strong hand as it spoke, and clasped him gently by the arm.
Take the case of a carnivorous quadruped, of which the number that can b supported in any country has long ago arrived at its full average.
Take the case of any two species which, when crossed, produce few and sterile offspring; now, what is there which could favour th survival of those individuals which happened to be endowed in a slightl higher degree with mutual infertility, and which thus approached by on small step towards absolute sterility?  Yet an advance of this kind, if th theory of natural selection be brought to bear, must have incessantl occurred with many species, for a multitude are mutually quite barren.
Taking the state of the barometer in connexion with the appearance of the weather one could make a satisfactory conclusion as to the quarter from which any violent wind would come.
Talking does no good.
Tell me more.
Tell me the real truth, as you have it from the fountainhead.
Tell me what man that was whom we saw lying dead? The Ghost of Christmas Yet To Come conveyed him, as before - though at a different time, he thought: indeed, there seemed no order in these latter visions, save that they were in the Future - into the resorts of business men, but showed him not himself.
Tell me whatever you like.
Temminck insists on the utility or even necessity o this practice in certain groups of birds; and it has been followed b several entomologists and botanists.
Ten miles there, and ten back, you know.
Testing barometers, hydrometers, and thermometers.
Th Malay Archipelago is about the size of Europe from the North Cape to th Mediterranean, and from Britain to Russia; and therefore equals all th geological formations which have been examined with any accuracy, exceptin those of the United States of America.
Th Melipona itself is intermediate in structure between the hive and humbl bee, but more nearly related to the latter:  it forms a nearly regula waxen comb of cylindrical cells, in which the young are hatched, and, i addition, some large cells of wax for holding honey.
Th Pleuronectidae, while very young and still symmetrical, with their eye standing on opposite sides of the head, cannot long retain a vertica position, owing to the excessive depth of their bodies, the small size o their lateral fins, and to their being destitute of a swim-bladder.
Th acquisition of a useless part can hardly be said to raise an organism i the natural scale; and in the case of the imperfect, closed flowers, abov described, if any new principle has to be invoked, it must be one o retrogression rather than of progression; and so it must be with man parasitic and degraded animals.
Th bees, of course, no more knowing that they swept their spheres at on particular distance from each other, than they know what are the severa angles of the hexagonal prisms and of the basal rhombic plates; the motiv power of the process of natural selection having been the construction o cells of due strength and of the proper size and shape for the larvae, thi being effected with the greatest possible economy of labour and wax; tha individual swarm which thus made the best cells with least labour, an least waste of honey in the secretion of wax, having succeeded best, an having transmitted their newly-acquired economical instincts to new swarms which in their turn will have had the best chance of succeeding in th struggle for existence.
Th belief that any given structure, which we think, often erroneously, woul have been beneficial to a species, would have been gained under al circumstances through natural selection, is opposed to what we ca understand of its manner of action.
Th bones of a limb might be shortened and flattened to any extent, becoming a the same time enveloped in thick membrane, so as to serve as a fin; or  webbed hand might have all its bones, or certain bones, lengthened to an extent, with the membrane connecting them increased, so as to serve as  wing; yet all these modifications would not tend to alter the framework o the bones or the relative connexion of the parts.
Th calf, for instance, has inherited teeth, which never cut through the gum of the upper jaw, from an early progenitor having well-developed teeth; an we may believe, that the teeth in the mature animal were formerly reduce by disuse owing to the tongue and palate, or lips, having becom excellently fitted through natural selection to browse without their aid whereas in the calf, the teeth have been left unaffected, and on th principle of inheritance at corresponding ages have been inherited from  remote period to the present day.
Th cause of the original variability of these characters is not manifest; bu we can see why they should not have been rendered as constant and unifor as others, for they are accumulated by sexual selection, which is les rigid in its action than ordinary selection, as it does not entail death but only gives fewer offspring to the less favoured males.
Th common gooseberry, for instance, cannot be grafted on the currant, wherea the currant will take, though with difficulty, on the gooseberry.
Th curious case of Sitaris - a beetle which passes through certain unusua stages of development - will illustrate how this might occur.
Th currents, from their course, would never bring seeds from North America t Britain, though they might and do bring seeds from the West Indies to ou western shores, where, if not killed by their very long immersion in sal water, they could not endure our climate.
Th difference in the length of the corolla in the two kinds of clover, whic determines the visits of the hive-bee, must be very trifling; for I hav been assured that when red clover has been mown, the flowers of the secon crop are somewhat smaller, and that these are visited by many hive-bees.
Th difficulty is the same as that felt by so many geologists, when Lyell firs insisted that long lines of inland cliffs had been formed, and grea valleys excavated, by the agencies which we still see at work.
Th direct action of changed conditions leads to definite or indefinit results.
Th exact lines of migration cannot be indicated.
Th existence at these and other distant points of the southern hemisphere, o species, which, though distinct, belong to genera exclusively confined t the south, is a more remarkable case.
Th explanation, no doubt, is that the littoral and sub-littoral deposits ar continually worn away, as soon as they are brought up by the slow an gradual rising of the land within the grinding action of the coast-waves.
Th extremities and inner margins of all the plates are frayed into stif bristles, which clothe the whole gigantic palate, and serve to strain o sift the water, and thus to secure the minute prey on which these grea animals subsist.
Th facts by no means seem to indicate that the greater or lesser difficulty o either grafting or crossing various species has been a special endowment although in the case of crossing, the difficulty is as important for th endurance and stability of specific forms as in the case of grafting it i unimportant for their welfare.
Th general sterility of crossed species may safely be looked at, not as  special acquirement or endowment, but as incidental on changes of a unknown nature in their sexual elements.
Th inhabitants of these hot lowlands would at the same time have migrated t the tropical and subtropical regions of the south, for the souther hemisphere was at this period warmer.
Th instinct, however, of the American ostrich, as in the case of the Molothru bonariensis, has not as yet been perfected; for a surprising number of egg lie strewed over the plains, so that in one day's hunting I picked up n less than twenty lost and wasted eggs.
Th jaws, moreover, of the working ants of the several sizes differe wonderfully in shape, and in the form and number of the teeth.
Th justice of these remarks cannot, I think, be disputed.
Th larger and more dominant groups within each class thus tend to go o increasing in size, and they consequently supplant many smaller and feeble groups.
Th law will not strictly hold good in those cases in which an ancient for became adapted in its larval state to some special line of life, an transmitted the same larval state to a whole group of descendants; for suc larval state will not resemble any still more ancient form in its adul state.
Th limbs divided into great branches, and these into lesser and lesse branches, were themselves once, when the tree was young, budding twigs; an this connexion of the former and present buds by ramifying branches ma well represent the classification of all extinct and living species i groups subordinate to groups.
Th masters determine when and where a new nest shall be formed, and when the migrate, the masters carry the slaves.
Th naturalist thus loses his best guide in determining whether to ran doubtful forms as varieties or species.
Th ostrich indeed inhabits continents, and is exposed to danger from which i cannot escape by flight, but it can defend itself, by kicking its enemies as efficiently as many quadrupeds.
Th palate is also covered with hard rounded knobs.
Th passage is narrow, and is roofed over by the column, so that a bee, i forcing its way out, first rubs its back against the viscid stigma and the against the viscid glands of the pollen-masses.
Th principle of selection I find distinctly given in an ancient Chines encyclopaedia.
Th process of diffusion would often be very slow, depending on climatal an geographical changes, on strange accidents, and on the gradua acclimatization of new species to the various climates through which the might have to pass, but in the course of time the dominant forms woul generally succeed in spreading and would ultimately prevail.
Th remark of that admirable palaeontologist, Edward Forbes, should never b forgotten, namely, that very many fossil species are known and named fro single and often broken specimens, or from a few specimens collected o some one spot.
Th representation of the groups as here given in the diagram on a fla surface, is much too simple.
Th resemblance is often wonderfully close, and is not confined to colour, bu extends to form, and even to the manner in which the insects hol themselves.
Th retina is wholly different, with an actual inversion of the elementa parts, and with a large nervous ganglion included within the membranes o the eye.
Th runt is a bird of great size, with long, massive beak and large feet; som of the sub-breeds of runts have very long necks, others very long wings an tails, others singularly short tails.
Th same result has followed from keeping together different varieties of th medicinal leech.
Th short-faced tumbler has a beak in outline almost like that of a finch; an the common tumbler has the singular inherited habit of flying at a grea height in a compact flock, and tumbling in the air head over heels.
Th slight variability of hybrids in the first generation, in contrast wit that in the succeeding generations, is a curious fact and deserve attention.
Th sterility is of all degrees, and is often so slight that the most carefu experimentalists have arrived at diametrically opposite conclusions i ranking forms by this test.
Th struggle for existence inevitably follows from the high geometrical rati of increase which is common to all organic beings.
Th tendency to reversion may often check or prevent the work; but as thi tendency has not prevented man from forming by selection numerous domesti races, why should it prevail against natural selection In the case of methodical selection, a breeder selects for some definit object, and if the individuals be allowed freely to intercross, his wor will completely fail.
Th trumpeter and laugher, as their names express, utter a very different co from the other breeds.
Th whole organisation seems to have become plastic, and departs in a sligh degree from that of the parental type.
Tha excellent observer, Gartner, likewise concluded that species when crosse are sterile owing to differences confined to their reproductive systems.
Tha species have a capacity for change will be admitted by all evolutionists but there is no need, as it seems to me, to invoke any internal forc beyond the tendency to ordinary variability, which through the aid o selection, by man has given rise to many well-adapted domestic races, an which, through the aid of natural selection, would equally well give ris by graduated steps to natural races or species.
Tha the individuals of the same species often differ slightly in the relativ lengths of all their parts may be seen in many works of natural history, i which careful measurements are given.
Thank you, yes; just a leetle, leetle, tiny - thanks, thanks; you spoil me.
That Edmund must be for ever divided from Miss Crawford did not admit of a doubt with Fanny; and yet, till she knew that he felt the same, her own conviction was insufficient.
That I should be cautious and quick-sighted, and feel many scruples which my children do not feel, is perfectly natural; and equally so that my value for domestic tranquillity, for a home which shuts out noisy pleasures, should much exceed theirs.
That Julia escaped better than Maria was owing, in some measure, to a favourable difference of disposition and circumstance, but in a greater to her having been less the darling of that very aunt, less flattered and less spoilt.
That Miss Crawford should endeavour to secure a meeting between him and Mrs. Rushworth, was all in her worst line of conduct, and grossly unkind and ill-judged; but she hoped he would not be actuated by any such degrading curiosity.
That Mrs. Whitaker is a treasure! She was quite shocked when I asked her whether wine was allowed at the second table, and she has turned away two housemaids for wearing white gowns.
That a girl of fourteen, acting only on her own unassisted reason, should err in the method of reform, was not wonderful; and Fanny soon became more disposed to admire the natural light of the mind which could so early distinguish justly, than to censure severely the faults of conduct to which it led.
That a girl so capable of being made everything good should be left in such hands, distressed her more and more.
That a letter from Edmund should be a subject of terror! She began to feel that she had not yet gone through all the changes of opinion and sentiment which the progress of time and variation of circumstances occasion in this world of changes.
That beauty, according to our sense of it, is not universal must be admitted by every one who will look at some venomous snakes, a some fishes, and at certain hideous bats with a distorted resemblance t the human face.
That climate acts in main part indirectly by favouring other species w clearly see in the prodigious number of plants which in our gardens ca perfectly well endure our climate, but which never become naturalised, fo they cannot compete with our native plants nor resist destruction by ou native animals.
That habit or custom has some influence, I must believe both from analogy and from the incessant advice given in agricultura works, even in the ancient Encyclopaedias of China, to be very cautious i transporting animals from one district to another.
That her manner was wrong, however, at times very wrong, her measures often ill-chosen and ill-timed, and her looks and language very often indefensible, Fanny could not cease to feel; but she began to hope they might be rectified.
That idea has of course vanished with private property, as well as certain follies about the 'ruin' of women for following their natural desires in an illegal way, which of course was a convention caused by the laws of private property.
That is Windsor Castle: that also I thought I would keep for you till we come down the water.
That is done for the sake of society, for a good many people can dwell in such houses, as the country dwellers are not necessarily husbandmen; though they almost all help in such work at times.
That is in short the foundation of our life and our happiness.
That is one reason why I was living alone with my father in the cottage at Runnymede.
That is out of the question.
That is what I dislike most particularly.
That machinery of life for the use of people who didn't know what they wanted of it, and which was known at the time as State Socialism, was partly put in motion, though in a very piecemeal way.
That many and serious objections may be advanced against the theory o descent with modification through variation and natural selection, I do no deny.
That many breeds produced by man have to a large extent the character o natural species, is shown by the inextricable doubts whether many of the are varieties or aboriginally distinct species.
That many species have been evolved in an extremely gradual manner, ther can hardly be a doubt.
That might do, perhaps, but for the low parts.
That natural selection generally act with extreme slowness I fully admit.
That punishment of which men used to talk so wisely and act so foolishly, what was it but the expression of their fear? And they had need to fear, since they - i.e., the rulers of society - were dwelling like an armed band in a hostile country.
That punishment, the public punishment of disgrace, should in a just measure attend his share of the offence is, we know, not one of the barriers which society gives to virtue.
That remedy was, in short, the production of what used to be called art, but which has no name amongst us now, because it has become a necessary part of the labour of every man who produces.
That seems too ridiculous to be true; but according to this version of the story, nothing much came of it, which certainly is too ridiculous to be true.
That several of th inhabitants of the caves of the Old and New Worlds should be closel related, we might expect from the well-known relationship of most of thei other productions.
That system was now falling to pieces, and the old pressure of the master having been taken off these poor men, it seemed likely that nothing but the mere animal necessities and passions of men would have any hold on them, and that mere general overturn would be the result.
That the Pleuronectidae are admirably adapted by thei flattened and asymmetrical structure for their habits of life, is manifes from several species, such as soles, flounders, etc., being extremel common.
That the extinct forms of life help to fill u the intervals between existing genera, families, and orders, is certainl true; but as this statement has often been ignored or even denied, it ma be well to make some remarks on this subject, and to give some instances.
That the geological record is imperfect all will admit; but that it i imperfect to the degree required by our theory, few will be inclined t admit.
That the manner in which she treated the dreadful crime committed by her brother and my sister (with whom lay the greater seduction I pretended not to say), but the manner in which she spoke of the crime itself, giving it every reproach but the right; considering its ill consequences only as they were to be braved or overborne by a defiance of decency and impudence in wrong; and last of all, and above all, recommending to us a compliance, a compromise, an acquiescence in the continuance of the sin, on the chance of a marriage which, thinking as I now thought of her brother, should rather be prevented than sought; all this together most grievously convinced me that I had never understood her before, and that, as far as related to mind, it had been the creature of my own imagination, not Miss Crawford, that I had been too apt to dwell on for many months past.
That the mental qualities of animals of the same kind, born in a state o nature, vary much, could be shown by many facts.
That the mere physiological importance of an organ does not determine it classificatory value, is almost proved by the fact, that in allied groups in which the same organ, as we have every reason to suppose, has nearly th same physiological value, its classificatory value is widely different.
That the number of specific forms has not indefinitely increased, geolog plainly tells us; and we shall presently attempt to show why it is that th number of species throughout the world has not become immeasurably great.
That the small size of the egg is a real case of adaptatio we may infer from the fact of the mon-parasitic American cuckoo layin full-sized eggs.
That the struggle between natural selection on th one hand, and the tendency to reversion and variability on the other hand will in the course of time cease; and that the most abnormally develope organs may be made constant, I see no reason to doubt.
That these processes are often injurious to the fertility of  plant cannot be doubted; for Gartner gives in his table about a score o cases of plants which he castrated, and artificially fertilised with thei own pollen, and (excluding all cases such as the Leguminosae, in whic there is an acknowledged difficulty in the manipulation) half of thes twenty plants had their fertility in some degree impaired.
That this is the origin of the caudicle, even when o considerable length and highly developed, we have good evidence in th aborted pollen-grains which can sometimes be detected embedded within th central and solid parts.
That this nectar is much liked by the hive-bee is certain; for  have repeatedly seen, but only in the autumn, many hive-bees sucking th flowers through holes bitten in the base of the tube by humble bees.
That though I had, in the course of our acquaintance, been often sensible of some difference in our opinions, on points, too, of some moment, it had not entered my imagination to conceive the difference could be such as she had now proved it.
That time, however, did gradually come, forwarded by an affection on his side as warm as her own, and much less encumbered by refinement or self-distrust.
That touched me on my weak side of not feeling sure of my position in this beautiful new country; so in order not to make matters worse, I held my tongue, and we all went into the garden and up to the house together.
That trees belonging to al orders have their sexes more often separated than other plants, I find t be the case in this country; and at my request Dr. Hooker tabulated th trees of New Zealand, and Dr. Asa Gray those of the United States, and th result was as I anticipated.
That varieties of this doubtful nature are far from uncommon cannot b disputed.
That very evening brought your most unwelcome uncle.
That was a fact beyond a doubt, and without an alloy.
That was now the home.
That was the only answer he received.
That was the only point of resemblance between her and the lady who sat by her: in everything but a value for Edmund, Miss Crawford was very unlike her.
That was their meeting, their conversation, and their parting.
That was why I asked you those questions about Epping Forest.
That we live amidst beauty without any fear of becoming effeminate; that we have plenty to do, and on the whole enjoy doing it.
That which promised happiness when we were one in heart, is fraught with misery now that we are two.
That will be done by the removal of the farmyard; for, independent of that terrible nuisance, I never saw a house of the kind which had in itself so much the air of a gentleman's residence, so much the look of a something above a mere parsonage-house - above the expenditure of a few hundreds a year.
That will never do, believe me.
That will only strengthen his idea that he has committed a crime, and you will have him killing himself in good earnest.
That would only prove her affection not equal to sacrifices, which, in fact, I am scarcely justified in asking; and, if I am refused, that, I think, will be the honest motive.
That you could refuse such a man as Henry Crawford seems more than they can understand.
That's all I know.
That's all.
That's something, is not it? But I do not much like the idea of being so fine.
That, and its livid colour, made it horrible; but its horror seemed to be in spite of the face and beyond its control, rather than a part of its own expression.
That, perhaps, it was best for me; I had less to regret in sacrificing a friendship, feelings, hopes which must, at any rate, have been torn from me now.
The 'Resolution,' as it was called, which was widely published in the newspapers of the day, was in fact a declaration of war, and was so accepted by the master class.
The Admiral and his daughter were both within, and both looked upon their visitor with more surprise than favour.
The Admiral delighted in the boy, Mrs. Crawford doted on the girl; and it was the lady's death which now obliged her protegee, after some months' further trial at her uncle's house, to find another home.
The Admiral has his faults, but he is a very good man, and has been more than a father to me.
The Admiral hated marriage, and thought it never pardonable in a young man of independent fortune.
The Admiral hates trouble, and scorns asking favours; and there are so many young men's claims to be attended to in the same way, that a friendship and energy, not very determined, is easily put by.
The Admiral hung an ear, and looked up sidelong with a glimmer of suspicion.
The Admiral swore by all his gods he should not go.
The Admiral was extremely silly, now and then amusing, and never really offensive.
The Admiral, he believed, had interest.
The Admiral, this hot afternoon, was sitting by the window with a long glass.
The Alpine plants, for example, of Scotland, as remarked by Mr. H.C. Watson, and those of the Pyrenees, as remarked by Ramond, are mor especially allied to the plants of northern Scandinavia; those of th United States to Labrador; those of the mountains of Siberia to the arcti regions of that country.
The Andersons of Baker Street.
The Aylmers are pleasant people; and her husband away, she can have nothing but enjoyment.
The Balanidae or sessile cirripedes, on the other hand, have no ovigerou frena, the eggs lying loose at the bottom of the sack, within th well-enclosed shell; but they have, in the same relative position with th frena, large, much-folded membranes, which freely communicate with th circulatory lacunae of the sack and body, and which have been considered b all naturalists to act as branchiae.
The Bertrams are undoubtedly some of the first people in this country.
The Bertrams were all forgotten in detailing the faults of Rebecca, against whom Susan had also much to depose, and little Betsey a great deal more, and who did seem so thoroughly without a single recommendation, that Fanny could not help modestly presuming that her mother meant to part with her when her year was up.
The Board of Trade has sanctioned the principle of some assistance by Government to a limited extent, depending on the necessity of each case, and other contingencies, such as the care, publicity, and setting of the barometers.
The Craven fault, for instance, extends for upward of thirty miles, an along this line the vertical displacement of the strata varies from 600 t 3,000 feet.
The Crawfords laughed at the idea; and having soon agreed on the propriety of their walking quietly home and leaving the family to themselves, proposed Mr. Yates's accompanying them and spending the evening at the Parsonage.
The Crawfords were more warm on the subject than Mr. Yates, from better understanding the family, and judging more clearly of the mischief that must ensue.
The Crawfords, without wanting to be cured, were very willing to stay.
The Creek, which we crossed at once, had been rescued from its culvert, and as we went over its pretty bridge we saw its waters, yet swollen by the tide, covered with gay boats of different sizes.
The Doctor was very fond of eating, and would have a good dinner every day; and Mrs. Grant, instead of contriving to gratify him at little expense, gave her cook as high wages as they did at Mansfield Park, and was scarcely ever seen in her offices.
The East room, as it had been called ever since Maria Bertram was sixteen, was now considered Fanny's, almost as decidedly as the white attic: the smallness of the one making the use of the other so evidently reasonable that the Miss Bertrams, with every superiority in their own apartments which their own sense of superiority could demand, were entirely approving it; and Mrs. Norris, having stipulated for there never being a fire in it on Fanny's account, was tolerably resigned to her having the use of what nobody else wanted, though the terms in which she sometimes spoke of the indulgence seemed to imply that it was the best room in the house.
The Easterly and Westerly winds retain their respective peculiarities in both hemispheres.
The Echinodermata (star-fishes, sea-urchins, etc.) are furnishe with remarkable organs, called pedicellariae, which consist, when wel developed, of a tridactyle forceps - that is, of one formed of thre serrated arms, neatly fitting together and placed on the summit of  flexible stem, moved by muscles.
The Elopement.
The European species apparently manifests some tendency towards  similar instinct, but not rarely departs from it, as is shown by her layin her dull and pale-coloured eggs in the nest of the hedge-warbler wit bright greenish-blue eggs.
The Falkland Islands, which are inhabited by a wolf-lik fox, come nearest to an exception; but this group cannot be considered a oceanic, as it lies on a bank in connection with the mainland at a distanc of about 280 miles; moreover, icebergs formerly brought boulders to it western shores, and they may have formerly transported foxes, as no frequently happens in the arctic regions.
The Fulmar petrel lays but on egg, yet it is believed to be the most numerous bird in the world.
The Galapago Archipelago, situated under the equator, lies at a distance of between 50 and 600 miles from the shores of South America.
The Ghost conducted him through several streets familiar to his feet; and as they went along, Scrooge looked here and there to find himself, but nowhere was he to be seen.
The Ghost of Christmas Present rose.
The Ghost stopped at a certain warehouse door, and asked Scrooge if he knew it.
The Ghost was greatly pleased to find him in this mood, and looked upon him with such favour, that he begged like a boy to be allowed to stay until the guests departed.
The Ghost, on hearing this, set up another cry, and clanked its chain so hideously in the dead silence of the night, that the Ward would have been justified in indicting it for a nuisance.
The Glacial period, as measured by years, must have been very long; an when we remember over what vast spaces some naturalised plants and animal have spread within a few centuries, this period will have been ample fo any amount of migration.
The Government did not gain the reputation for impartiality which they expected from this move; for they forgot that there were no evening papers; and the account of the skirmish spread wide indeed, but in a distorted form for it was mostly told simply as an exploit of the starving people from the East-end; and everybody thought it was but natural for the Government to put them down when and where they could.
The Government neither helped them nor put them down, but stood by, hoping that something might come of it.
The Government now gave way on all sides, and made a show of yielding to the demands of the people, though there was a widespread plot for effecting a coup d'etat set on foot between the leaders of the two so-called opposing parties in the parliamentary faction fight.
The Government, being at that hour in one of their yielding moods, thought this a fine opportunity for showing their impartiality in the maintenance of 'order,' and sent to arrest these hungry rich youths; who, however, surprised the police by a valiant resistance, so that all but three escaped.
The Grants showing a disposition to be friendly and sociable, gave great satisfaction in the main among their new acquaintance.
The Greenland whale is one of the most wonderful animals in the world, an the baleen, or whalebone, one of its greatest peculiarities.
The Hon.
The Honourable John Yates, this new friend, had not much to recommend him beyond habits of fashion and expense, and being the younger son of a lord with a tolerable independence; and Sir Thomas would probably have thought his introduction at Mansfield by no means desirable.
The Hyperoodon bidens is destitute of true teet in an efficient condition, but its palate is roughened, according t Lacepede, with small unequal, hard points of horn.
The Jacobin has the feather so much reversed along the back of the neck that they form a hood, and i has, proportionally to its size, elongated wing and tail feathers.
The King, the Queen, Buckingham, Wolsey, Cromwell, all were given in turn; for with the happiest knack, the happiest power of jumping and guessing, he could always alight at will on the best scene, or the best speeches of each; and whether it were dignity, or pride, or tenderness, or remorse, or whatever were to be expressed, he could do it with equal beauty.
The Lord Mayor, in the stronghold of the mighty Mansion House, gave orders to his fifty cooks and butlers to keep Christmas as a Lord Mayor's household should; and even the little tailor, whom he had fined five shillings on the previous Monday for being drunk and bloodthirsty in the streets, stirred up tomorrow's pudding in his garret, while his lean wife and the baby sallied out to buy the beef.
The Malay Archipelago is one of the richest regions i organic beings; yet if all the species were to be collected which have eve lived there, how imperfectly would they represent the natural history o the world But we have every reason to believe that the terrestrial productions of th archipelago would be preserved in an extremely imperfect manner in th formations which we suppose to be there accumulating.
The Miss Bertrams have never seen the wilderness yet.
The Miss Bertrams laughed at the idea, assuring her that the barouche would hold four perfectly well, independent of the box, on which one might go with him.
The Miss Bertrams were much to be pitied on the occasion: not for their sorrow, but for their want of it.
The Miss Bertrams were now fully established among the belles of the neighbourhood; and as they joined to beauty and brilliant acquirements a manner naturally easy, and carefully formed to general civility and obligingness, they possessed its favour as well as its admiration.
The Miss Bertrams' admiration of Mr. Crawford was more rapturous than anything which Miss Crawford's habits made her likely to feel.
The Natura System is a genealogical arrangement, with the acquired grades o difference, marked by the terms, varieties, species, genera, families etc.; and we have to discover the lines of descent by the most permanen characters, whatever they may be, and of however slight vital importance.
The Neilgherrie Mountains in India, however, offer a partia exception; for here, as I hear from Dr. Hooker, Australian forms ar rapidly sowing themselves and becoming naturalised.
The Niata cattle in South Americ show us how small a difference in structure may make, during such periods a great difference in preserving an animal's life.
The Phantom glided on into a street.
The Phantom pointed as before.
The Phantom slowly, gravely, silently, approached.
The Phantom was exactly as it had been, but he dreaded that he saw new meaning in its solemn shape.
The Pleuronectidae, or Flat-fish, are remarkable for their asymmetrica bodies.
The Portsmouth girls turn up their noses at anybody who has not a commission.
The Prices were just setting off for church the next day when Mr. Crawford appeared again.
The Prodigal Father Goes on from Strength to Strength.
The Prodigal Father Makes his Debut at Hom That took place upon a Tuesday.
The Rev. R.T. Lowe informed Sir C. Lyell tha in November, 1844, swarms of locusts visited the island of Madeira.
The Rushworths were the only addition to his own domestic circle which he could solicit.
The Silurian Lingula differs but little from th living species of this genus; whereas most of the other Silurian Mollusc and all the Crustaceans have changed greatly.
The Sotherton scheme was mentioned of course.
The Spirit answered not, but pointed onward with its hand.
The Spirit did not tarry here, but bade Scrooge hold his robe, and passing on above the moor, sped - whither? Not to sea? To sea.
The Spirit dropped beneath it, so that the extinguisher covered its whole form; but though Scrooge pressed it down with all his force, he could not hide the light: which streamed from under it, in an unbroken flood upon the ground.
The Spirit paused a moment, as observing his condition, and giving him time to recover.
The Spirit stood beside sick beds, and they were cheerful; on foreign lands, and they were close at home; by struggling men, and they were patient in their greater hope; by poverty, and it was rich.
The Spirit stopped beside one little knot of business men.
The Spirit touched him on the arm, and pointed to his younger self, intent upon his reading.
The Spirit, stronger yet, repulsed him.
The Spirits have done it all in one night.
The Spirits of all Three shall strive within me.
The Thrush had had her orders, the wind had changed, and he was sailed within four days from their reaching Portsmouth; and during those days she had seen him only twice, in a short and hurried way, when he had come ashore on duty.
The Thrush went out of harbour this morning.
The Ungulata or hoofed quadrupeds are now divide into the even-toed or odd-toed divisions; but the Macrauchenia of Sout America connects to a certain extent these two grand divisions.
The West Indian Islands, on the other hand, stand on a deeply submerge bank, nearly one thousand fathoms in depth, and here we find America forms, but the species and even the genera are quite distinct.
The above two parallel serie of facts seem to be connected together by some common but unknown bond which is essentially related to the principle of life; this principle according to Mr. Herbert Spencer, being that life depends on, or consist in, the incessant action and reaction of various forces, which, a throughout nature, are always tending towards an equilibrium; and when thi tendency is slightly disturbed by any change, the vital forces gain i power.
The above view of the sterility of hybrids bein caused by two constitutions being compounded into one has been strongl maintained by Max Wichura.
The abrupt manner in which whole groups of species suddenly appear i certain formations, has been urged by several palaeontologists - fo instance, by Agassiz, Pictet, and Sedgwick, as a fatal objection to th belief in the transmutation of species.
The absence of furniture, the extreme meanness of the meal, and the haggard, bright-eyed, consumptive look of the culprit, unmanned our hero; but he clung to his stick, and was stout and warlike.
The abstract improbability of such a tendency being transmitte through a vast number of generations, is not greater than that of quit useless or rudimentary organs being similarly transmitted.
The accompanying diagram will aid us in understanding this rathe perplexing subject.
The accumulation of each great fossiliferou formation will be recognised as having depended on an unusual occurrence o favourable circumstances, and the blank intervals between the successiv stages as having been of vast duration.
The action of climate seems a first sight to be quite independent of the struggle for existence; but i so far as climate chiefly acts in reducing food, it brings on the mos severe struggle between the individuals, whether of the same or of distinc species, which subsist on the same kind of food.
The adul dentition is preceded by a widely different milk dentition.
The adult might als become fitted for sites or habits, in which organs of locomotion or of th senses, etc., would be useless; and in this case the metamorphosis would b retrograde.
The advantage of diversification of structure in the inhabitants of th same region is, in fact, the same as that of the physiological division o labour in the organs of the same individual body - a subject so wel elucidated by Milne Edwards.
The advantage of much sleep to prepare them for their journey was impossible.
The advantage or disadvantage of your family, of your parents, your brothers and sisters, never seems to have had a moment's share in your thoughts on this occasion.
The affinities of all the beings of the same class have sometimes bee represented by a great tree.
The affinity, which, though feeble, I a assured by Dr. Hooker is real, between the flora of the south-wester corner of Australia and of the Cape of Good Hope, is a far more remarkabl case; but this affinity is confined to the plants, and will, no doubt, som day be explained.
The affliction of the Bertrams was little felt in the family.
The aged rakishness of his appearance was set off by a youthful costume; he had disreputable grey hair and a disreputable sore, red nose; but the coat and the gesture, the outworks of the man, were still designed for show.
The air was filled with phantoms, wandering hither and thither in restless haste, and moaning as they went.
The alternate or combined action, with the agencies of solar heat an electricity, cause the varieties of weather that we experience.
The amount o organic change, as Pictet has remarked, is not the same in each successiv so-called formation.
The amount of food for each species, of course, gives the extreme limit t which each can increase; but very frequently it is not the obtaining food but the serving as prey to other animals, which determines the averag number of a species.
The amount varies according to the rate at which the mercury is rising or falling and ranges from 0.00 to 0.02 of an inch.
The amount, taken by itself, of vapour, moisture, wet, rain, hail, of snow, in the wind or current of air (direction and strength remainin the same) seems to cause a change amounting, in an extreme case, to about half an inch.
The ancient tower of a church, whose gruff old bell was always peeping slily down at Scrooge out of a Gothic window in the wall, became invisible, and struck the hours and quarters in the clouds, with tremulous vibrations afterwards as if its teeth were chattering in its frozen head up there.
The aneroid has been recommended, in these pages, as a weather-glass but it may increase its usefulness to append a table for measuring heights (approximately) by this, or any barometer, which can be compare with another, or itself, at a higher or lower station.
The aneroid is quick in showing the variation of atmospheric pressure and to the navigator who knows the difficulty, at times, of using barometers, this instrument is a great boon, for it can be placed anywhere, quite out of harm's way, and is not affected by the ship's motion, although faithfully giving indication of increased or diminished pressure of air.
The animalcular Newton was a Clockmakerist; and he hazarded the bold guess that the colossus who carried a lamp around the room would be forced to regulate his movements by clocktime.
The annoyance of the bells must be terrible.
The answer no doubt is, as alread remarked, that when two forms vary, which already differ from each other i some slight degree, the variability will not be of the same exact nature and consequently the results obtained through natural selection for th same general purpose will not be the same.
The anterior an posterior limbs in all the higher vertebrate classes are plainl homologous.
The apparent veering of the wind, and the approach or retreat of the dangerous central circle, depend on your position in the curvilinear whirl or sweep.
The apparition walked backward from him; and at every step it took, the window raised itself a little, so that when the spectre reached it, it was wide open.
The appearance of the Admiral, on the other hand, was rosy, and flabby, and moist; his jowl hung over his shirt collar, his smile was loose and wandering, and he had so far relaxed the natural control of his eyes, that one of them was aimed inward, as if to watch the growth of the carbuncle.
The appearance of the stripes is not accompanied by any change o form, or by any other new character.
The appearance of the surface and th vegetation show that elsewhere years have elapsed since the waters washe their base.
The appetite of the World-Market grew with what it fed on: the countries within the ring of 'civilisation' (that is, organised misery) were glutted with the abortions of the market, and force and fraud were used unsparingly to 'open up' countries outside that pale.
The approach now, is one of the finest things in the country: you see the house in the most surprising manner.
The approach of September brought tidings of Mr. Bertram, first in a letter to the gamekeeper and then in a letter to Edmund; and by the end of August he arrived himself, to be gay, agreeable, and gallant again as occasion served, or Miss Crawford demanded; to tell of races and Weymouth, and parties and friends, to which she might have listened six weeks before with some interest, and altogether to give her the fullest conviction, by the power of actual comparison, of her preferring his younger brother.
The are square-topped, and are edged with translucent, hardish tissue, as i for crushing food.
The argument mainly relied on by thos who believe in the multiple origin of our domestic animals is, that we fin in the most ancient times, on the monuments of Egypt, and in the lake habitations of Switzerland, much diversity in the breeds; and that some o these ancient breeds closely resemble, or are even identical with, thos still existing.
The arise from the palate, and are attached by flexible membrane to the side of the mandible.
The armed men stood round the principal platform, and there were a few others armed amidst the general crowd; but by far the greater part were unarmed.
The arms were very long and muscular; the hands the same, as if its hold were of uncommon strength.
The arrival, therefore, of a sister whom she had always loved, and now hoped to retain with her as long as she remained single, was highly agreeable; and her chief anxiety was lest Mansfield should not satisfy the habits of a young woman who had been mostly used to London.
The art or work-pleasure, as one ought to call it, of which I am now speaking, sprung up almost spontaneously, it seems, from a kind of instinct amongst people, no longer driven desperately to painful and terrible over-work, to do the best they could with the work in hand - to make it excellent of its kind; and when that had gone on for a little, a craving for beauty seemed to awaken in men's minds, and they began rudely and awkwardly to ornament the wares which they made; and when they had once set to work at that, it soon began to grow.
The aspect was so favourable that even without a fire it was habitable in many an early spring and late autumn morning to such a willing mind as Fanny's; and while there was a gleam of sunshine she hoped not to be driven from it entirely, even when winter came.
The ass sometimes has very distinc transverse bars on its legs, like those on the legs of a zebra.
The assurance of Edmund's being so soon to take orders, coming upon her like a blow that had been suspended, and still hoped uncertain and at a distance, was felt with resentment and mortification.
The autho (1855) has also treated Psychology on the principle of the necessar acquirement of each mental power and capacity by gradation.
The author takes the case of a pai of animals, producing during their lifetime two hundred offspring, o which, from various causes of destruction, only two on an average surviv to pro-create their kind.
The authorities of the parishes also (I haven't time to explain that phrase at present) gave willy-nilly what provisions they could to wandering people; and the Government, by means of its feeble national workshops, also fed a good number of half-starved folk.
The avenue, therefore, must be at the back of it.
The avicularia are believed by Mr. Busk, Dr. Smitt and Dr. Nitsche - naturalists who have carefully studied this group - to b homologous with the zooids and their cells which compose the zoophyte, th movable lip or lid of the cell corresponding with the lower and movabl mandible of the avicularium.
The balee consists of a row, on each side of the upper jaw, of about 300 plates o laminae, which stand close together transversely to the longer axis of th mouth.
The ball began.
The ball was now a settled thing, and before the evening a proclaimed thing to all whom it concerned.
The ball was over, and the breakfast was soon over too; the last kiss was given, and William was gone.
The ball, too - such an evening of pleasure before her! It was now a real animation; and she began to dress for it with much of the happy flutter which belongs to a ball.
The barb is allied to the carrier but, instead of a long beak, has a very short and broad one.
The barometer falling considerably below its average height is at once an indication that some considerable change is going to take place, and when it falls low, as for instance (in our climate) to near 29 inches, or below 2 inches, a gale is certain to follow.
The barometer falls, but not always, on the approach of thunder and lightning, or when the atmosphere is highly charged with electricity.
The barometer is rising when the mercurial column is lengthening; its upper surface being then, as in general, convex of rounded.
The barometer is said to be falling when the mercury in the tube is sinking, at which time its upper surface is sometimes concave of hollow.
The barometer shows whether the air is getting lighter or heavier, or is remaining in the same state.
The barometer tube, emptied of air, and filled with pure mercury, is turned down into a cup or cister containing the same fluid, which, feeling the weight of air, is s pressed by it as to balance a column of about thirty inches (more of less) in the tube, where no air presses on the top of the column.
The barometers intended to be tested are placed, together with  Standard, in an air-tight chamber, to which an air pump is applied, s that, by partially exhausting the air, the Standard can be made to read much lower than the lowest pressure to which marine barometers are likely to be exposed; and by compressing the air it can be made to read higher than the mercury ever stands at the level of the sea.
The basal part o the labellum stands over the bucket, and is itself hollowed out into a sor of chamber with two lateral entrances; within this chamber there ar curious fleshy ridges.
The beak of a goose, as I may add, might also b converted by small changes into one provided with prominent, recurve teeth, like those of the Merganser (a member of the same family), servin for the widely different purpose of securing live fish.
The beak of a shoveller-duck (Spatula clypeata) is a more beautiful an complex structure than the mouth of a whale.
The beak, however, is not s straight or so strong as in the typical woodpeckers but it is strong enoug to bore into wood.
The bed was his own, the room was his own.
The bee instantly began on both sides to excavate little basins near to each other in the same way as before; but the ridge of wax was so thin, that th bottoms of the basins, if they had been excavated to the same depth as i the former experiment, would have broken into each other from the opposit sides.
The bee must have worked at very nearly the same rate in circularly gnawing awa and deepening the basins on both sides of the ridge of vermilion wax, i order to have thus succeeded in leaving flat plates between the basins, b stopping work at the planes of intersection.
The beech-woods still covered the hill that rose above Basildon; but the flat fields beneath them were much more populous than I remembered them, as there were five large houses in sight, very carefully designed so as not to hurt the character of the country.
The bees, however, did not suffer this to happen, and they stoppe their excavations in due time; so that the basins, as soon as they had bee a little deepened, came to have flat bases; and these flat bases, formed b thin little plates of the vermilion wax left ungnawed, were situated, a far as the eye could judge, exactly along the planes of imaginar intersection between the basins on the opposite side of the ridge of wax.
The being left with her sister and nephew, and all the house under her care, had been an advantage entirely thrown away; she had been unable to direct or dictate, or even fancy herself useful.
The belief in a Clockmaker steadily declined; and soon the clock itself, with its falling movements and irregular regularity, became a theme for jesters.
The belief in th essential identity of the process of alternate generation and of ordinar metamorphosis has been greatly strengthened by Wagner's discovery of th larva or maggot of a fly, namely the Cecidomyia, producing asexually othe larvae, and these others, which finally are developed into mature males an females, propagating their kind in the ordinary manner by eggs.
The belief that species were immutable productions wa almost unavoidable as long as the history of the world was thought to be o short duration; and now that we have acquired some idea of the lapse o time, we are too apt to assume, without proof, that the geological recor is so perfect that it would have afforded us plain evidence of the mutatio of species, if they had undergone mutation.
The bells ceased as they had begun, together.
The best answer, however, to the abov objection is afforded by those domestic races which have been modified chiefly through man's power of selection, for some special purpose.
The blackbirds were singing their best amidst the garden-trees, which, except for a bay here and there, and occasional groups of limes, seemed to be all fruit-trees: there were a great many cherry-trees, now all laden with fruit; and several times as we passed by a garden we were offered baskets of fine fruit by children and young girls.
The blackbirds were singing their loudest, the doves were cooing on the roof-ridge, the rooks in the high elm-trees beyond were garrulous among the young leaves, and the swifts wheeled whining about the gables.
The blind fondness which was for ever producing evil around her she had never known.
The blind, which had not been drawn fully down, left an open chink about an inch in height along the bottom of the glass, and the whole parlour was thus exposed to Dick's investigation.
The bond is simply inheritance, that cause which alone, as far as w positively know, produces organisms quite like each other, or, as we see i the case of varieties, nearly alike.
The boy looked up, and fell to staring at my outlandish attire, but presently reddened and turned his head, as if he knew that he was not behaving prettily.
The boy must have read them out, as he and the Spirit crossed the threshold.
The branches ought to have diverged in al directions.
The branching and diverging dotted lines o unequal lengths proceeding from (A), may represent its varying offspring.
The bread was particularly good, and was of several different kinds, from the big, rather close, dark-coloured, sweet-tasting farmhouse loaf, which was most to my liking, to the thin pipe-stems of wheaten crust, such as I have eaten in Turin.
The bride was elegantly dressed; the two bridesmaids were duly inferior; her father gave her away; her mother stood with salts in her hand, expecting to be agitated; her aunt tried to cry; and the service was impressively read by Dr. Grant.
The brightness of the shops where holly sprigs and berries crackled in the lamp heat of the windows, made pale faces ruddy as they passed.
The broken fragments of pipe fell from the Admiral's fingers; he seemed by his countenance to have lived too long in a world unworthy of him; but it is an odd circumstance, he attempted no reply, and sat thunderstruck, with open mouth.
The building on our right hand is our theatre: I hope you like it.
The building on the left is the Museum Market, and I think we had better turn in there for a minute or two; for Greylocks will be wanting his rest and his oats; and I suppose you will stay with my kinsman the greater part of the day; and to say the truth, there may be some one there whom I particularly want to see, and perhaps have a long talk with.
The business of finding a play that would suit everybody proved to be no trifle; and the carpenter had received his orders and taken his measurements, had suggested and removed at least two sets of difficulties, and having made the necessity of an enlargement of plan and expense fully evident, was already at work, while a play was still to seek.
The caraffe was shaken the while by thunderclaps and unaccountable convulsions; the sides of heaven were heard to crepitate; a final detonation signalised the moment of disappearance; and when animalculae had recovered from the shock, the yellow oblong space on the north wall was seen to have resumed its natural appearance.
The carriage came; and he entered the house again at the same moment, just in time to spend a few minutes with the family, and be a witness - but that he saw nothing -  of the tranquil manner in which the daughters were parted with, and just in time to prevent their sitting down to the breakfast-table, which, by dint of much unusual activity, was quite and completely ready as the carriage drove from the door.
The carrier, more especially the male bird, is als remarkable from the wonderful development of the carunculated skin abou the head, and this is accompanied by greatly elongated eyelids, very larg external orifices to the nostrils, and a wide gape of mouth.
The case admitted no difference of opinion: they must go to the drawing-room directly.
The case admitted of no comfort.
The case at present must remain inexplicable; and may be truly urged as  valid argument against the views here entertained.
The case is rendered all the mor striking by the American opossums, which follow nearly the same habits o life as some of their Australian relatives, having feet constructed on th ordinary plan.
The case most frequently insisted on by palaeontologists of the apparentl sudden appearance of a whole group of species, is that of the teleostea fishes, low down, according to Agassiz, in the Chalk period.
The case of America alone would almost suffice to prove it truth; for if we exclude the arctic and northern temperate parts, al authors agree that one of the most fundamental divisions in geographica distribution is that between the New and Old Worlds; yet if we travel ove the vast American continent, from the central parts of the United States t its extreme southern point, we meet with the most diversified conditions humid districts, arid deserts, lofty mountains, grassy plains, forests marshes, lakes and great rivers, under almost every temperature.
The case of th Jerusalem artichoke, which is never propagated in England by seed, and o which, consequently, new varieties have not been produced, has even bee advanced, as proving that acclimatisation cannot be effected, for it is no as tender as ever it was!  The case, also, of the kidney-bean has bee often cited for a similar purpose, and with much greater weight; but unti some one will sow, during a score of generations, his kidney-beans so earl that a very large proportion are destroyed by frost, and then collect see from the few survivors, with care to prevent accidental crosses, and the again get seed from these seedlings, with the same precautions, th experiment cannot be said to have been even tried.
The case of this unhappy man might be my own.
The case, also, i very interesting, as it proves that with animals, as with plants, an amount of modification may be effected by the accumulation of numerous slight, spontaneous variations, which are in any way profitable, withou exercise or habit having been brought into play.
The case, however, is different when an animal, during any part of it embryonic career, is active, and has to provide for itself.
The cases of the imitation of such objects as the excremen of birds, are rare and exceptional.
The castes moreover, do not generally graduate into each other, but are perfectly wel defined; being as distinct from each other as are any two species of th same genus, or rather as any two genera of the same family.
The caterpillars which project motionless like dead twigs fro the bushes on which they feed, offer an excellent instance of a resemblanc of this kind.
The caudal and sacral vertebrae vary i number; as does the number of the ribs, together with their relativ breadth and the presence of processes.
The cause may have acted, and I believe often has acted, on on or both parents before the act of generation.
The cause of lowly-organised plants ranging widel will be discussed in our chapter on Geographical Distribution.
The causes which check the natural tendency of each species to increase ar most obscure.
The celebrated palaeontologist, Bronn, at the close of his Germa translation of this work, asks how, on the principle of natural selection can a variety live side by side with the parent species?  If both hav become fitted for slightly different habits of life or conditions, the might live together; and if we lay on one side polymorphic species, i which the variability seems to be of a peculiar nature, and all mer temporary variations, such as size, albinism, etc., the more permanen varieties are generally found, as far as I can discover, inhabitin distinct stations, such as high land or low land, dry or moist districts.
The cellar-door flew open with a booming sound, and then he heard the noise much louder, on the floors below; then coming up the stairs; then coming straight towards his door.
The chain he drew was clasped about his middle.
The chain will agree with William's cross beyond all comparison better than the necklace.
The change in the nativ vegetation of the planted part of the heath was most remarkable, more tha is generally seen in passing from one quite different soil to another:  no only the proportional numbers of the heath-plants were wholly changed, bu twelve species of plants (not counting grasses and carices) flourished i the plantations, which could not be found on the heath.
The chapel was soon afterwards left to the silence and stillness which reigned in it, with few interruptions, throughout the year.
The chief advantages thus gained seem to be protection from thei enemies, and facility for feeding on the ground.
The chief of the party were now collected irregularly round the fire, and waiting the final break-up.
The chief points to b referred to are three:  first, that the common cuckoo, with rar exceptions, lays only one egg in a nest, so that the large and voraciou young bird receives ample food.
The chief result is that these illegitimate plants as they may be called, are not fully fertile.
The children like to amuse themselves with it, and it is good for them, because they handle a lot of diverse wares and get to learn about them, how they are made, and where they come from, and so on.
The children's faces, hushed and clustered round to hear what they so little understood, were brighter; and it was a happier house for this man's death! The only emotion that the Ghost could show him, caused by the event, was one of pleasure.
The chimes were ringing the three quarters past eleven at that moment.
The chuckle with which he said this, and the chuckle with which he paid for the Turkey, and the chuckle with which he paid for the cab, and the chuckle with which he recompensed the boy, were only to be exceeded by the chuckle with which he sat down breathless in his chair again, and chuckled till he cried.
The church spire is reckoned remarkably handsome.
The circumstance was precisely as this lady has represented it.
The city clocks had only just gone three, but it was quite dark already (it had not been light all day) and candles were flaring in the windows of the neighbouring offices, like ruddy smears upon the palpable brown air.
The city had entirely vanished.
The civic bourgeois guard (called the police) attacked the said meeting with bludgeons, according to their custom; many people were hurt in the melee, of whom five in all died, either trampled to death on the spot, or from the effects of their cudgelling; the meeting was scattered, and some hundred of prisoners cast into gaol.
The clergy are lost there in the crowds of their parishioners.
The clerk observed that it was only once a year.
The clerk promised that he would; and Scrooge walked out with a growl.
The clever general, his soldiers, and the police did not meddle with all this in the least in the world; and things were quieter in London that week-end; though there were riots in many places of the provinces, which were quelled by the authorities without much trouble.
The clock and the sun were in no precise accordance; it was impossible for the most ardent of the faithful to cry victory.
The clock was wrong.
The close bonnet and demure air you describe so well (and nothing was ever juster), tell one what is expected; but I got into a dreadful scrape last year from the want of them.
The closed an imperfect flowers are, however, manifestly of high importance, as the yield with the utmost safety a large stock of seed, with the expenditure o wonderfully little pollen.
The closely allied species also of a large genera apparently have restricted ranges, and in their affinities they ar clustered in little groups round other species - in both respects resemblin varieties.
The coachman drove round to a minute; another minute brought down the gentleman; and as the lady had, with a most scrupulous fear of being late, been many minutes seated in the drawing-room, Sir Thomas saw them off in as good time as his own correctly punctual habits required.
The cold became intense.
The cold within him froze his old features, nipped his pointed nose, shrivelled his cheek, stiffened his gait; made his eyes red, his thin lips blue; and spoke out shrewdly in his grating voice.
The colossus of the legend was identified with the sun, both with the maker of the clock.
The colour mantled in her delicate sunburnt cheeks; her grey eyes, light amidst the tan of her face, kindly looked on us all as she spoke.
The colour of thi vigorous race I take for granted, from what has been already said, would b dark.
The coloured map appended to my volum on Coral Reefs, led me to conclude that the great oceans are still mainl areas of subsidence, the great archipelagoes still areas of oscillations o level, and the continents areas of elevation.
The column of mercury falls about one tenth of an inch for each of the first few hundred feet above the sea level, but varying when it becomes much more elevated.
The comfort of it in her hours of leisure was extreme.
The comfort of the whole evening was destroyed.
The commo goose has not given rise to any marked varieties; hence the Toulouse an the common breed, which differ only in colour, that most fleeting o characters, have lately been exhibited as distinct at our poultry-shows.
The common goose does not sift the water, but uses it beak exclusively for tearing or cutting herbage, for which purpose it is s well fitted that it can crop grass closer than almost any other animal.
The common parent will have had in its whole organisatio much general resemblance to the tapir and to the horse; but in some point of structure may have differed considerably from both, even perhaps mor than they differ from each other.
The common welfare was my business; charity, mercy, forbearance, and benevolence, were, all, my business.
The comparison would be in every way fairer with the effects which follo from unconscious selection, that is, the preservation of the most useful o beautiful animals, with no intention of modifying the breed; but by thi process of unconscious selection, various breeds have been sensibly change in the course of two or three centuries.
The competition will generally be most severe, as formerly explained an illustrated by examples, between the forms which are most like each othe in all respects.
The complex and little known laws governing the production of varieties ar the same, as far as we can judge, with the laws which have governed th production of distinct species.
The compound in the jug being tasted, and considered perfect, apples and oranges were put upon the table, and a shovel-full of chestnuts on the fire.
The conclusion of the two gentlemen's civilities was an offer of Mr. Price's to take Mr. Crawford into the dockyard, which Mr. Crawford, desirous of accepting as a favour what was intended as such, though he had seen the dockyard again and again, and hoping to be so much the longer with Fanny, was very gratefully disposed to avail himself of, if the Miss Prices were not afraid of the fatigue; and as it was somehow or other ascertained, or inferred, or at least acted upon, that they were not at all afraid, to the dockyard they were all to go; and but for Mr. Crawford, Mr. Price would have turned thither directly, without the smallest consideration for his daughters' errands in the High Street.
The conclusion was scarcely intelligible from increasing fright, for she found that Mr. Crawford, under pretence of receiving the note, was coming towards her.
The condor lays  couple of eggs and the ostrich a score, and yet in the same country th condor may be the more numerous of the two.
The conference was neither so short nor so conclusive as the lady had designed.
The consciousness of his being known there only as William's friend was some support.
The consequences were uproarious beyond belief; but no one seemed to care; on the contrary, the mother and daughter laughed heartily, and enjoyed it very much; and the latter, soon beginning to mingle in the sports, got pillaged by the young brigands most ruthlessly.
The consideration of these facts on dimorphism as well as of the results of reciprocal crosses, clearly leads to th conclusion that the primary cause of the sterility of crossed species i confined to differences in their sexual elements.
The construction of the flower in another closely allied orchid, namely the Catasetum, is widely different, though serving the same end; and i equally curious.
The consultation upon the play still went on, and Miss Crawford's attention was first called from Fanny by Tom Bertram's telling her, with infinite regret, that he found it absolutely impossible for him to undertake the part of Anhalt in addition to the Butler: he had been most anxiously trying to make it out to be feasible, but it would not do; he must give it up.
The converse takes place in raising the level.
The conviction of his determination once admitted, it was not unwelcome.
The coolness seemed to break, for an instant, the spell that lay upon her; for, instead of hastening forward again in her dull, indefatigable tramp, she stood still where she was, for near a minute, looking straight before her.
The correction for capacity were therefore considered perfect, and, with on unimportant exception, agreed with those given at Kew.
The correction for the aberration of light is sai by Muller not to be perfect even in that most perfect organ, the human eye.
The country produce which passed through the hands of the husbandmen never got so far as their mouths.
The cousin who was travelling towards them could hardly have less than visited their agitated spirits - one all happiness, the other all varying and indescribable perturbation.
The cover was so carelessly adjusted that the slightest raising of it, the motion of a finger upon Scrooge's part, would have disclosed the face.
The crowd took it as a challenge of some sort, and a hoarse threatening roar went up from them; and after that there was comparative silence for a little, till the officer had got back into the ranks.
The crude ideas of the first half of the twentieth century, when men were still oppressed by the fear of poverty, and did not look enough to the present pleasure of ordinary daily life, spoilt a great deal of what the commercial age had left us of external beauty: and I admit that it was but slowly that men recovered from the injuries that they inflicted on themselves even after they became free.
The crust of the earth is a vas museum; but the natural collections have been imperfectly made, and only a long intervals of time.
The crust of the earth, with its embedded remains, must not be looked at as a well-filled museum, but as a poor collection made at hazar and at rare intervals.
The crystalline lens in the higher cuttle-fish consists of tw parts, placed one behind the other like two lenses, both having a ver different structure and disposition to what occurs in the vertebrata.
The cultus of the Clockmaker succeeded in the place of earlier religions, water worship, ancestor worship and the barbarous adoration of the chimney piece; to him all virtues were attributed; and all becoming animalcular behaviour was massed under the rubric of Clockmakerly Behaviour.
The currents of the sea are rapid and deep betwee the islands, and gales of wind are extraordinarily rare; so that th islands are far more effectually separated from each other than they appea on a map.
The curtain will be a good job, however.
The curtain, over which she had presided with such talent and such success, went off with her to her cottage, where she happened to be particularly in want of green baize.
The curtains of his bed were drawn aside, I tell you, by a hand.
The curtains of his bed were drawn aside; and Scrooge, starting up into a half-recumbent attitude, found himself face to face with the unearthly visitor who drew them: as close to it as I am now to you, and I am standing in the spirit at your elbow.
The daily movement of the barometer may be noted (in a form or table of double entry) at the time of each observation, by a dot at the place corresponding to its altitude, and the time of observing; which dot should be connected with the previous one by a line.
The darkness and the mist had vanished with it, for it was a clear, cold, winter day, with snow upon the ground.
The date shut my mouth as if a key had been turned in a padlock fixed to my lips; for I saw that something inexplicable had happened, and that if I said much, I should be mixed up in a game of cross questions and crooked answers.
The dawn of the seventh double solar year was anxiously expected.
The day at Sotherton, with all its imperfections, afforded the Miss Bertrams much more agreeable feelings than were derived from the letters from Antigua, which soon afterwards reached Mansfield.
The day was uncommonly lovely.
The day will come when this will be given as a curiou illustration of the blindness of preconceived opinion.
The dealings of my trade were but a drop of water in the comprehensive ocean of my business! It held up its chain at arm's length, as if that were the cause of all its unavailing grief, and flung it heavily upon the ground again.
The dean believes that single specie of each genus were created in an originally highly plastic condition, an that these have produced, chiefly by inter-crossing, but likewise b variation, all our existing species.
The deed thoroughly answered: a source of domestic altercation was entirely done away, and it was the means of opening Susan's heart to her, and giving her something more to love and be interested in.
The degree of sterility does no strictly follow systematic affinity, but is governed by several curious an complex laws.
The degrees of dissimilarit will depend on the migration of the more dominant forms of life from on region into another having been more or less effectually prevented, a periods more or less remote - on the nature and number of the forme immigrants - and on the action of the inhabitants on each other in leadin to the preservation of different modifications; the relation of organism t organism in the struggle for life being, as I have already often remarked the most important of all relations.
The depth of the compressing column of air will, at the centre, be least, and its weight will be diminished in proportion to the violence of the wind.
The deputation came away from that interview, says a contemporary eye-witness, smiling and satisfied, and said no more about raising an anti-popular army, but that afternoon left London with their families for their country seats or elsewhere.
The destination of the Thrush must be now preeminently interesting.
The development of the mammary glands would have been of no service, an could not have been affected through natural selection, unless the young a the same time were able to partake of the secretion.
The diagram i much too simple, too few genera and too few species being given, but thi is unimportant for us.
The diameter of the cistern is about an inch and a quarter and that of the tube about a quarter of an inch.
The difference in thei results may, I think, be in part accounted for by Herbert's grea horticultural skill, and by his having hot-houses at his command.
The different order of insects inhabiting Madeira present nearly parallel cases.
The difficulty in distinguishing variable species is largely due to th varieties mocking, as it were, other species of the same genus.
The difficulty was in maintaining the conviction quite so absolutely after Mr. Crawford was in the room; for once or twice a look seemed forced on her which she did not know how to class among the common meaning; in any other man, at least, she would have said that it meant something very earnest, very pointed.
The diffusio would, it is probable, be slower with the terrestrial inhabitants o distinct continents than with the marine inhabitants of the continuous sea.
The direction of the wind - the North-east wind tending to raise it most - the South-west to lower it the most, and wind from points of the compass between them proportionally as they are nearer one or the other extreme point.
The direction of the wind, and the bearing of the centre, show your position in the meteor, for such it is, though perhaps hundreds of miles in diameter; and the veering of the wind, or the contrary, and its change in strength, will show how the meteor is moving bodily - over an extensive region, revolving horizontally - or inclined at a certain angle to the horizontal plane.
The dissimilarity is not so strong.
The dissimilarity of the inhabitant of different regions may be attributed to modification through variatio and natural selection, and probably in a subordinate degree to the definit influence of different physical conditions.
The distinction is so broad.
The distinction of species he explains by the destruction o intermediate graduated forms.
The distinction probably has bee slurred over, owing to the sterility in both cases being looked on as  special endowment, beyond the province of our reasoning powers.
The diversity of the breeds is something astonishing.
The diversity of the result in reciprocal crosses between the same tw species was long ago observed by Kolreuter.
The division of gratifying sensations ought not, in strict justice, to have been equal; for Sir Thomas was fully resolved to be the real and consistent patron of the selected child, and Mrs. Norris had not the least intention of being at any expense whatever in her maintenance.
The divisions on this scale correspond exactly with those on the tube of the Standard barometer vernier and telescope are made to slide on the scale by means of a rack and pinion.
The doctrine of the origin of our several domestic races from severa aboriginal stocks, has been carried to an absurd extreme by some authors.
The dominant species belonging to large and dominant group tend to leave many modified descendants, which form new sub-groups an groups.
The door of Scrooge's counting-house was open that he might keep his eye upon his clerk, who in a dismal little cell beyond, a sort of tank, was copying letters.
The door, however, proved not to be locked, and they were all agreed in turning joyfully through it, and leaving the unmitigated glare of day behind.
The doors were in constant banging, the stairs were never at rest, nothing was done without a clatter, nobody sat still, and nobody could command attention when they spoke.
The doubts and alarms as to her own conduct, which had previously distressed her, and which had all slept while she listened to him, were become of little consequence now.
The dreadful revolutionary title was dropped, and the body, with its branches, acted under the respectable name of the 'Board of Conciliation and its local offices.' Carrying this name, it became the leader of the people in the civil war which soon followed.
The earliest intelligence of the travellers' safe arrival at Antigua, after a favourable voyage, was received; though not before Mrs. Norris had been indulging in very dreadful fears, and trying to make Edmund participate them whenever she could get him alone; and as she depended on being the first person made acquainted with any fatal catastrophe, she had already arranged the manner of breaking it to all the others, when Sir Thomas's assurances of their both being alive and well made it necessary to lay by her agitation and affectionate preparatory speeches for a while.
The early differences would be very slight; but, i the course of time, from the continued selection of swifter horses in th one case, and of stronger ones in the other, the differences would becom greater, and would be noted as forming two sub-breeds.
The early habit of reading was wanting.
The earth had been kept for three years, but when broken watered and placed under a bell glass, no less than eighty-two plant sprung from it:  these consisted of twelve monocotyledons, including th common oat, and at least one kind of grass, and of seventy dicotyledons which consisted, judging from the young leaves, of at least three distinc species.
The edges of the lowe mandible are serrated with teeth much more prominent, coarser and sharpe than in the duck.
The edges of the lower mandible are crossed by numerou fine ridges, which project very little.
The editor was at breakfast in a large, sad apartment.
The effect of the whole was a manner so pitying and agitated, and words intermingled with her refusal so expressive of obligation and concern, that to a temper of vanity and hope like Crawford's, the truth, or at least the strength of her indifference, might well be questionable; and he was not so irrational as Fanny considered him, in the professions of persevering, assiduous, and not desponding attachment which closed the interview.
The effect on th insects must have been still greater, for six insectivorous birds were ver common in the plantations, which were not to be seen on the heath; and th heath was frequented by two or three distinct insectivorous birds.
The effects of lessened exercise, together with abundant food, on the whol organisation is probably still more important, and this, as H. vo Nathusius has lately shown in his excellent Treatise, is apparently on chief cause of the great modification which the breeds of swine hav undergone.
The effects on th offspring are either definite or in definite.
The eggs of the Australian bronz cuckoo vary, according to Mr. Ramsay, to an extraordinary degree in colour so that in this respect, as well as in size, natural selection might hav secured and fixed any advantageous variation.
The elder De Candolle and Lyell have largely an philosophically shown that all organic beings are exposed to sever competition.
The elder De Candolle has mad nearly similar observations on the general nature of the affinities o distinct families of plants.
The electric organs of fishe offer another case of special difficulty; for it is impossible to conceiv by what steps these wondrous organs have been produced.
The elegance, propriety, regularity, harmony, and perhaps, above all, the peace and tranquillity of Mansfield, were brought to her remembrance every hour of the day, by the prevalence of everything opposite to them here.
The elephant is reckoned the slowest breeder of all know animals, and I have taken some pains to estimate its probable minimum rat of natural increase; it will be safest to assume that it begins breedin when thirty years old, and goes on breeding till ninety years old, bringin forth six young in the interval, and surviving till one hundred years old if this be so, after a period of from 740 to 750 years there would b nearly nineteen million elephants alive descended from the first pair.
The embryo in the course of development generally rises in organisation.
The embryo is thus left almost unaffected, an serves as a record of the past condition of the species.
The end gained is the same, but the means though appearing superficially to be the same, are essentially different.
The end of April was coming on; it would soon be almost three months, instead of two, that she had been absent from them all, and that her days had been passing in a state of penance, which she loved them too well to hope they would thoroughly understand; and who could yet say when there might be leisure to think of or fetch her Her eagerness, her impatience, her longings to be with them, were such as to bring a line or two of Cowper's Tirocinium for ever before her.
The end, it was seen clearly, must be either absolute slavery for all but the privileged, or a system of life founded on equality and Communism.
The endemic productions of New Zealand for instance, are perfect, one compared with another; but they are no rapidly yielding before the advancing legions of plants and animal introduced from Europe.
The endless disputes whether or no some fifty species of British brambles are good species will cease.
The endless, empty moorlands stretched before her, entirely unenclosed, and with no boundary but the horizon.
The endurance of each species and group of species i continuous in time; for the apparent exceptions to the rule are so few tha they may fairly be attributed to our not having as yet discovered in a intermediate deposit certain forms which are absent in it, but which occu above and below:  so in space, it certainly is the general rule that th area inhabited by a single species, or by a group of species, i continuous, and the exceptions, which are not rare, may, as I hav attempted to show, be accounted for by former migrations under differen circumstances, or through occasional means of transport, or by the specie having become extinct in the intermediate tracts.
The enthusiasm of a woman's love is even beyond the biographer's.
The entire head of the shoveller, thoug incomparably less bulky, is about one-eighteenth of the length of the hea of a moderately large Balaenoptera rostrata, in which species the baleen i only nine inches long; so that if we were to make the head of the shovelle as long as that of the Balaenoptera, the lamellae would be six inches i length, that is, two-thirds of the length of the baleen in this species o whale.
The entrance of the Grants and Crawfords was a favourable epoch.
The evening had afforded Edmund little pleasure.
The evening passed with external smoothness, though almost every mind was ruffled; and the music which Sir Thomas called for from his daughters helped to conceal the want of real harmony.
The evening passed without a pause of misery, the night was totally sleepless.
The evening sun shone bright on the remains of the old buildings at Medmenham; close beside which arose an irregular pile of building which Dick told us was a very pleasant house; and there were plenty of houses visible on the wide meadows opposite, under the hill; for, as it seems that the beauty of Hurley had compelled people to build and live there a good deal.
The evening was heavy like the day.
The event was so shocking, that there were moments even when her heart revolted from it as impossible: when she thought it could not be.
The evergreen! How beautiful, how welcome, how wonderful the evergreen! When one thinks of it, how astonishing a variety of nature! In some countries we know the tree that sheds its leaf is the variety, but that does not make it less amazing that the same soil and the same sun should nurture plants differing in the first rule and law of their existence.
The evidenc that accidental mutilations can be inherited is at present not decisive but the remarkable cases observed by Brown-Sequard in guinea-pigs, of th inherited effects of operations, should make us cautious in denying thi tendency.
The evidence fro this source graduates away, and is doubtful in the same degree as is th evidence derived from other constitutional and structural differences.
The evidence is also derived from hostile witnesses, who in al other cases consider fertility and sterility as safe criterions of specifi distinction.
The evidence is at leas as good as that from which we believe in the sterility of a multitude o species.
The evil lies yet deeper: in her total ignorance, unsuspiciousness of there being such feelings; in a perversion of mind which made it natural to her to treat the subject as she did.
The evil which brought such good to her! She dreaded lest she should learn to be insensible of it.
The exceptions are few, an most of them can be explained.
The exceptions were one, a so-called 'liberal' paper (the Government of the day was of that complexion), which, after a preamble in which it declared its undeviating sympathy with the cause of labour, proceeded to point out that in times of revolutionary disturbance it behoved the Government to be just but firm, and that by far the most merciful way of dealing with the poor madmen who were attacking the very foundations of society (which had made them mad and poor) was to shoot them at once, so as to stop others from drifting into a position in which they would run a chance of being shot.
The existence of closely allied representative species in any two areas implies, on the theory of descent with modification, that the same parent forms formerly inhabited both areas; and we almost invariably find tha wherever many closely allied species inhabit two areas, some identica species are still common to both.
The existence of group would have been of simple significance, if one group had been exclusivel fitted to inhabit the land, and another the water; one to feed on flesh another on vegetable matter, and so on; but the case is widely different for it is notorious how commonly members of even the same subgroup hav different habits.
The expense need not be any impediment.
The explanation is to a large extent simple, on the theory of the selectio of successive slight modifications, each being profitable in some way t the modified form, but often affecting by correlation other parts of th organisation.
The explanation lies, as I believe, in the extrem imperfection of the geological record.
The explanation, I believe, lies in the natur of the climate before the commencement of the Glacial period.
The explanation, I think, is simple:  from long-continue study they are strongly impressed with the differences between the severa races; and though they well know that each race varies slightly, for the win their prizes by selecting such slight differences, yet they ignore al general arguments, and refuse to sum up in their minds slight difference accumulated during many successive generations.
The expression of conditions of existence, so often insisted o by the illustrious Cuvier, is fully embraced by the principle of natura selection.
The expressions hardening up, softening, or looking greasy, ar familiar to seamen and such very sure indications are the appearance so designated, that they can hardly be mistaken.
The extinction of old forms is the almost inevitable consequenc of the production of new forms.
The extinction of specie and of whole groups of species, which has played so conspicuous a part i the history of the organic world, almost inevitably follows from th principle of natural selection; for old forms are supplanted by new an improved forms.
The extinction of species has been involved in the most gratuitous mystery.
The extraordinary cases given in a former chapter, of widely differen fishes possessing electric organs - of widely different insects possessin luminous organs - and of orchids and asclepiads having pollen-masses wit viscid discs, come under this same head of analogical resemblances.
The extravagant love of ornament which I had noted in this people elsewhere seemed here to have given place to the feeling that the house itself and its associations was the ornament of the country life amidst which it had been left stranded from old times, and that to re-ornament it would but take away its use as a piece of natural beauty.
The extremities, however, are still absent in these embryos.
The extremity of the tail in some America monkeys has been converted into a wonderfully perfect prehensile organ, an serves as a fifth hand.
The eyes of moles and of some burrowing rodents are rudimentary in size and in some cases are quite covered by skin and fur.
The fact is, I begin to think that you have so muddled your head with mathematics, and with grubbing into those idiotic old books about political economy (he he!), that you scarcely know how to behave.
The fact is, you must come along quick to my great-grandfather, who will understand you better than I do.
The fact of little or no modification havin been effected since the glacial period, would have been of some avai against those who believe in an innate and necessary law of development but is powerless against the doctrine of natural selection or the surviva of the fittest, which implies that when variations or individua differences of a beneficial nature happen to arise, these will b preserved; but this will be effected only under certain favourabl circumstances.
The fact of the forms of life changing simultaneously in the above larg sense, at distant parts of the world, has greatly struck those admirabl observers, MM. de Verneuil and d'Archiac.
The fact of the fossi remains of each formation being in some degree intermediate in characte between the fossils in the formations above and below, is simply explaine by their intermediate position in the chain of descent.
The fact of the larger fruits often floating longer than the small, i interesting; as plants with large seeds or fruit which, as Alph.
The fact, as we have seen, that all past and present organic beings can b arranged within a few great classes, in groups subordinate to groups, an with the extinct groups often falling in between the recent groups, i intelligible on the theory of natural selection with its contingencies o extinction and divergence of character.
The facts given on th sterility of the illegitimate unions of dimorphic and trimorphic plants an of their illegitimate progeny, perhaps render it probable that some unknow bond in all cases connects the degree of fertility of first unions wit that of their offspring.
The facts now given on dimorphic and trimorphic plants are important because they show us, first, that the physiological test of lessene fertility, both in first crosses and in hybrids, is no safe criterion o specific distinction; secondly, because we may conclude that there is som unknown bond which connects the infertility of illegitimate unions wit that of their illegitimate offspring, and we are led to extend the sam view to first crosses and hybrids; thirdly, because we find, and this seem to me of especial importance, that two or three forms of the same specie may exist and may differ in no respect whatever, either in structure or i constitution, relatively to external conditions, and yet be sterile whe united in certain ways.
The facts seem to indicate tha distinct species belonging to the same genera have migrated in radiatin lines from a common centre; and I am inclined to look in the southern, a in the northern hemisphere, to a former and warmer period, before th commencement of the last Glacial period, when the Antarctic lands, no covered with ice, supported a highly peculiar and isolated flora.
The families would never be connected if you did not connect them! Oh! write, write.
The family circle became greatly contracted; and though the Miss Bertrams had latterly added little to its gaiety, they could not but be missed.
The family were not consumptive, and she was more inclined to hope than fear for her cousin, except when she thought of Miss Crawford; but Miss Crawford gave her the idea of being the child of good luck, and to her selfishness and vanity it would be good luck to have Edmund the only son.
The family were now seen to advantage.
The fantail has thirty or even forty tail-feathers instead of twelve or fourteen, the normal number in all the members of th great pigeon family:  these feathers are kept expanded and are carried s erect that in good birds the head and tail touch:  the oil-gland is quit aborted.
The farmyard must be moved, I grant you; but I am not aware of anything else.
The fatigue would be too much for your aunt.
The fatigue, too, of so long a journey, became soon no trifling evil.
The fear of man is slowly acquired, as I hav elsewhere shown, by the various animals which inhabit desert islands; an we see an instance of this, even in England, in the greater wildness of al our large birds in comparison with our small birds; for the large bird have been most persecuted by man.
The fertility of varieties, that is of the forms known or believed to b descended from common parents, when crossed, and likewise the fertility o their mongrel offspring, is, with reference to my theory, of equa importance with the sterility of species; for it seems to make a broad an clear distinction between varieties and species.
The fertility, both of first crosses and of hybrids, is more easil affected by unfavourable conditions, than is that of pure species.
The fever was subdued; the fever had been his complaint; of course he would soon be well again.
The final result is thus rendered infinitel complex.
The final result wil generally have been, as already explained, an advance, but in some fe cases a retrogression, in organisation.
The finger pointed from the grave to him, and back again.
The fireplace was an old one, built by some Dutch merchant long ago, and paved all round with quaint Dutch tiles, designed to illustrate the Scriptures.
The firm was known as Scrooge and Marley.
The firs larval form is described by M. Fabre, as an active, minute insect furnished with six legs, two long antennae, and four eyes.
The first actual pain which Miss Crawford occasioned her was the consequence of an inclination to learn to ride, which the former caught, soon after her being settled at Mansfield, from the example of the young ladies at the Park, and which, when Edmund's acquaintance with her increased, led to his encouraging the wish, and the offer of his own quiet mare for the purpose of her first attempts, as the best fitted for a beginner that either stable could furnish.
The first day I went over Mansfield Wood, and Edmund took the copses beyond Easton, and we brought home six brace between us, and might each have killed six times as many, but we respect your pheasants, sir, I assure you, as much as you could desire.
The first edition of this work was published on November 24, 1859, and th second edition on January 7, 1860.
The first event of any importance in the family was the death of Mr. Norris, which happened when Fanny was about fifteen, and necessarily introduced alterations and novelties.
The first feeling was disappointment: he had hoped better things; he had thought that an hour's entreaty from a young man like Crawford could not have worked so little change on a gentle-tempered girl like Fanny; but there was speedy comfort in the determined views and sanguine perseverance of the lover; and when seeing such confidence of success in the principal, Sir Thomas was soon able to depend on it himself.
The first half-hour was lost, for Fanny and Lady Bertram were together, and unless she had Fanny to herself she could hope for nothing.
The first or variabl forms vary much within the limits of the same island.
The first regular rehearsal of the three first acts was certainly to take place in the evening: Mrs. Grant and the Crawfords were engaged to return for that purpose as soon as they could after dinner; and every one concerned was looking forward with eagerness.
The first solid consolation which Fanny received for the evils of home, the first which her judgment could entirely approve, and which gave any promise of durability, was in a better knowledge of Susan, and a hope of being of service to her.
The first step towards the acquisition of the proper instinc might have been mere unintentional restlessness on the part of the youn bird, when somewhat advanced in age and strength; the habit having bee afterwards improved, and transmitted to an earlier age.
The first streaks of light being very low.
The first tangible cause of disenchantment was when Dick brought home a painter's arsenal on Friday evening.
The first that occurred was not least in interest: the appearance of Henry Crawford and his sister walking together through the village as he rode into it.
The first time he ever denied me his confidence! But this is what we all come to.
The first use she made of her solitude was to take up the volume which had been left on the table, and begin to acquaint herself with the play of which she had heard so much.
The first was from the Admiral to inform his nephew, in a few words, of his having succeeded in the object he had undertaken, the promotion of young Price, and enclosing two more, one from the Secretary of the First Lord to a friend, whom the Admiral had set to work in the business, the other from that friend to himself, by which it appeared that his lordship had the very great happiness of attending to the recommendation of Sir Charles; that Sir Charles was much delighted in having such an opportunity of proving his regard for Admiral Crawford, and that the circumstance of Mr. William Price's commission as Second Lieutenant of H.M. Sloop Thrush being made out was spreading general joy through a wide circle of great people.
The first, at least, of these favours Fanny would rather not have been asked; but it was impossible for her to refuse the correspondence; it was impossible for her even not to accede to it more readily than her own judgment authorised.
The floras of distant continents would not by suc means become mingled; but would remain as distinct as they now are.
The flowers also, which had their stamens and pistils placed, in relation to the siz and habits of the particular insect which visited them, so as to favour i any degree the transportal of the pollen, would likewise be favoured.
The flowers of two distinct individuals of the same specie would thus get crossed; and the act of crossing, as can be fully proved gives rise to vigorous seedlings, which consequently would have the bes chance of flourishing and surviving.
The fog and frost so hung about the black old gateway of the house, that it seemed as if the Genius of the Weather sat in mournful meditation on the threshold.
The fog came pouring in at every chink and keyhole, and was so dense without, that although the court was of the narrowest, the houses opposite were mere phantoms.
The folk of the place, however, were mostly in the fields that day, both men and women; so we met only two old men there, and a younger one who had stayed at home to get on with some literary work, which I imagine we considerably interrupted.
The following case is far more remarkable, and seems at first incredible but it is the result of an astonishing number of experiments made durin many years on nine species of Verbascum, by so good an observer and s hostile a witness as Gartner:  namely, that the yellow and white varietie when crossed produce less seed than the similarly coloured varieties of th same species.
The following conclusions are drawn up chiefly fro Gartner's admirable work on the hybridisation of plants.
The following pages were prepared; but only the first few were intended particularly for this purpose.
The folly which comes by nature, the unwisdom of the immature man, or the older man caught in a trap, we must put up with that, nor are we much ashamed of it; but to be conventionally sensitive or sentimental - my friend, I am old and perhaps disappointed, but at least I think we have cast off some of the follies of the older world.
The forbearance of her family on a point, respecting which she could be in no doubt of their wishes, might be their surest means of forwarding it.
The fore-limbs, for instance, which once served as legs t a remote progenitor, may have become, through a long course o modification, adapted in one descendant to act as hands, in another a paddles, in another as wings; but on the above two principles th fore-limbs will not have been much modified in the embryos of these severa forms; although in each form the fore-limb will differ greatly in the adul state.
The foregoing objections hinge on th question whether we really know how old the world is, and at what perio the various forms of life first appeared; and this may well be disputed.
The foregoing remarks lead me to say a few words on the protest lately mad by some naturalists against the utilitarian doctrine that every detail o structure has been produced for the good of its possessor.
The foregoing rules and facts, on the other hand, appear to me clearly t indicate that the sterility, both of first crosses and of hybrids, i simply incidental or dependent on unknown differences in their reproductiv systems; the differences being of so peculiar and limited a nature, that in reciprocal crosses between the same two species, the male sexual elemen of the one will often freely act on the female sexual element of the other but not in a reversed direction.
The foregoing statements in regard to the inhabitants of oceanic islands namely, the fewness of the species, with a large proportion consisting o endemic forms - the members of certain groups, but not those of other group in the same class, having been modified - the absence of certain whol orders, as of batrachians and of terrestrial mammals, notwithstanding th presence of aerial bats, the singular proportions of certain orders o plants, herbaceous forms having been developed into trees, etc., seem to m to accord better with the belief in the efficiency of occasional means o transport, carried on during a long course of time, than with the belief i the former connection of all oceanic islands with the nearest continent for on this latter view it is probable that the various classes would hav immigrated more uniformly, and from the species having entered in a body their mutual relations would not have been much disturbed, an consequently, they would either have not been modified, or all the specie in a more equable manner.
The forehead between the eyes consequentl becomes, as could be plainly seen, temporarily contracted in breadth.
The form which connect these three sub-species are comparatively rare; and, as As Gray again remarks, if these connecting forms which are now rare were t become totally extinct the three sub-species would hold exactly the sam relation to each other as do the four or five provisionally admitte species which closely surround the typical Quercus robur.
The former are also grouped in little clusters, lik varieties round species; and they present other analogies with varieties as was shown in our second chapter.
The former had now veiled his splendour in a due suit of working clothes, crowned with a fantail hat, which he took off, however, to wave us farewell with his grave old-Spanish-like courtesy.
The former influence of the glacial climate on the distribution of th inhabitants of Europe, as explained by Edward Forbes, is substantially a follows.
The former seems to be much the more important; fo nearly similar variations sometimes arise under, as far as we can judge dissimilar conditions; and, on the other hand, dissimilar variations aris under conditions which appear to be nearly uniform.
The forms descended from A, now broken up into two or thre families, constitute a distinct order from those descended from I, als broken up into two families.
The forms whic stand in closest competition with those undergoing modification an improvement, will naturally suffer most.
The forms which possess in some considerable degree the character o species, but which are so closely similar to other forms, or are so closel linked to them by intermediate gradations, that naturalists do not like t rank them as distinct species, are in several respects the most importan for us.
The frequent and great changes in the mineralogica composition of consecutive formations, generally implying great changes i the geography of the surrounding lands, whence the sediment was derived accord with the belief of vast intervals of time having elapsed betwee each formation.
The frequent presence of fourteen or even sixteen tail-feathers i the pouter may be considered as a variation representing the norma structure of another race, the fantail.
The furniture was not the same, and the figure in the chair was not himself.
The future must be very uncertain.
The game of the masters of politics was to cajole or force the public to pay the expense of a luxurious life and exciting amusement for a few cliques of ambitious persons: and the pretence of serious difference of opinion, belied by every action of their lives, was quite good enough for that.
The game was hers, and only did not pay her for what she had given to secure it.
The ganoids stand intermediate between the selaceans an teleosteans; the latter at the present day are largely preponderant i number; but formerly selaceans and ganoids alone existed; and in this case according to the standard of highness chosen, so will it be said tha fishes have advanced or retrograded in organisation.
The gas in the box, changing it bulk on a change of temperature was intended to compensate for the effect on the metals of which the aneroid is made.
The genera Ornithorhynchus and Lepidosiren, for example, would not hav been less aberrant had each been represented by a dozen species, instead o as at present by a single one, or by two or three.
The general principle of this moveable dividing scale is, that the total number of the smallest spaces or subdivisions of the vernier are made equal, taken altogether, to one less than that number of the smalles spaces in an equal length of the fixed scale.
The gentleman was not so easily satisfied.
The gentleness and gratitude of her disposition would secure her all your own immediately.
The gentleness, modesty, and sweetness of her character were warmly expatiated on; that sweetness which makes so essential a part of every woman's worth in the judgment of man, that though he sometimes loves where it is not, he can never believe it absent.
The geological record, at all times imperfect, doe not extend far enough back to show with unmistakable clearness that withi the known history of the world organisation has largely advanced.
The gift was too valuable.
The giraffe, by its lofty stature, much elongated neck, fore legs, head an tongue, has its whole frame beautifully adapted for browsing on the highe branches of trees.
The girl had tamed her father, Van Tromp had gone obediently to bed: so much was obvious to the watcher in the road.
The girl reached out her hand to Dick, and taking his led him out of the room, looking straight before her; but it was easy to see that her blushes came from happiness, not anger; as, indeed, love is far more self-conscious than wrath.
The girl was paler than usual; her eyes were dark, the colour seemed to have faded from round about them, and her swiftest glance was as intent as a stare.
The girls got off quietly, and going up to Clara, made much of her and snuggled up to her.
The girls heard his entrance from above, and Fanny went down.
The glass, again, though elegant and quaint, and very varied in form, was somewhat bubbled and hornier in texture than the commercial articles of the nineteenth century.
The glass, crockery, and plate were very beautiful to my eyes, used to the study of mediaeval art; but a nineteenth-century club-haunter would, I daresay, have found them rough and lacking in finish; the crockery being lead-glazed pot-ware, though beautifully ornamented; the only porcelain being here and there a piece of old oriental ware.
The gloom of her first anticipations was proved to have been unfounded.
The glory of heroism, of usefulness, of exertion, of endurance, made his own habits of selfish indulgence appear in shameful contrast; and he wished he had been a William Price, distinguishing himself and working his way to fortune and consequence with so much self-respect and happy ardour, instead of what he was The wish was rather eager than lasting.
The good news soon followed her.
The government now found it imperative on them to meet the outcry of the master class at the approaching destruction of Commerce (as desirable, had they known it, as the extinction of the cholera, which has since happily taken place).
The gradatio extends even to the manner in which ordinary spines and the pedicellariae with their supporting calcareous rods, are articulated to the shell.
The gradations from leaf-climbers to tendril bearers ar wonderfully close, and certain plants may be differently placed in eithe class.
The gradual diffusion o dominant forms, with the slow modification of their descendants, causes th forms of life, after long intervals of time, to appear as if they ha changed simultaneously throughout the world.
The gran fact of the natural subordination of organic beings in groups under groups which, from its familiarity, does not always sufficiently strike us, is i my judgment thus explained.
The grand fac that all extinct beings can be classed with all recent beings, naturall follows from the living and the extinct being the offspring of commo parents.
The grandeur of the house astonished, but could not console her.
The great and inherited development of the udder in cows and goats in countries where they are habitually milked, i comparison with these organs in other countries, is probably anothe instance of the effects of use.
The great and striking influence of barriers of all kinds, i intelligible only on the view that the great majority of species have bee produced on one side, and have not been able to migrate to the opposit side.
The great difficulty lies i the working ants differing widely from both the males and the fertil females in structure, as in the shape of the thorax, and in being destitut of wings and sometimes of eyes, and in instinct.
The great difficulty was that the once-poor had such a feeble conception of the real pleasure of life: so to say, they did not ask enough, did not know how to ask enough, from the new state of things.
The great easterly and westerly movements - so clearly shown by philosophers to be the consequences of cold polar currents of air - warm equatorial currents - and diurnal rotation of the earth; are grand ruling phenomena of meteorology - to which storms, and all local changes occurring but occasionally, are subordinate and exceptional.
The great power of this principle of selection is not hypothetical.
The greate or less force of inheritance and reversion determine whether variation shall endure.
The greater length of the service, however, I admit to be sometimes too hard a stretch upon the mind.
The greatest degree of rational consistency could not have been more engaging, and they talked with mutual satisfaction.
The greatest depressions of the barometer are with gales from the S.E. Southward, or S.W.; the greatest elevations, with winds from the N.W. Northward, or N.E., or when calm.
The green and budding twigs may represent existing species; an those produced during former years may represent the long succession o extinct species.
The grooms eyebrows rose as he received the order for the pony phaeton, and kept rising during all his preparations.
The ground floor of the building round the quadrangle was occupied by a wide arcade or cloister, whose fanciful but strong architecture I could not enough admire.
The ground seems precisely formed for it.
The hair was curiously stirred, as if by breath or hot air; and, though the eyes were wide open, they were perfectly motionless.
The hand was pointed straight before them.
The hand which had so pressed hers to his heart! the hand and the heart were alike motionless and passive now! Her spirit supported her, but the agony of her mind was severe.
The happiness she was imparting, too, happiness very little alloyed by the black communication which must briefly precede it - the joyful consent of her father and mother to Susan's going with her - the general satisfaction with which the going of both seemed regarded, and the ecstasy of Susan herself, was all serving to support her spirits.
The harp arrived, and rather added to her beauty, wit, and good-humour; for she played with the greatest obligingness, with an expression and taste which were peculiarly becoming, and there was something clever to be said at the close of every air.
The hay-harvest is in some ways better than corn-harvest because of the beautiful weather; and really, unless you had worked in the hay-field in fine weather, you couldn't tell what pleasant work it is.
The heaviest rain, and snow, and hail, and sleet, could boast of the advantage over him in only one respect.
The height of the cistern above or below the ship's water-line should be ascertained and entered on the register.
The height of the fluid, as then shown by the sliding scale, indicates the pressure of the atmosphere.
The high spirit and strong passions of Mrs. Rushworth, especially, were made known to him only in their sad result.
The higher and more distant the clouds seem to be, the more gradual, but extensive, the coming change of weather will prove.
The higher his deserts, the more improper for me ever to have thought of him.
The hint was enough for Dick; he consented with haste, and full of hang-dog penitence and disgust, took her down by a back way and planted her in the shrubbery, whence she might see the squire ride by to dinner.
The hire of a cart at any time might not be so easy as you suppose: our farmers are not in the habit of letting them out; but, in harvest, it must be quite out of their power to spare a horse.
The holiday allowed to the Miss Bertrams the next day, on purpose to afford leisure for getting acquainted with, and entertaining their young cousin, produced little union.
The hope of an opportunity, which Sir Thomas had then given, was not given to be thought of no more.
The horizontal lines may represent successiv geological formations, and all the forms beneath the uppermost line may b considered as extinct.
The horror of a mind like Fanny's, as it received the conviction of such guilt, and began to take in some part of the misery that must ensue, can hardly be described.
The house fronts looked black enough, and the windows blacker, contrasting with the smooth white sheet of snow upon the roofs, and with the dirtier snow upon the ground; which last deposit had been ploughed up in deep furrows by the heavy wheels of carts and waggons; furrows that crossed and re-crossed each other hundreds of times where the great streets branched off; and made intricate channels, hard to trace in the thick yellow mud and icy water.
The house is always in confusion.
The house is by no means bad, and when the yard is removed, there may be a very tolerable approach to it.
The house must be turned to front the east instead of the north -  the entrance and principal rooms, I mean, must be on that side, where the view is really very pretty; I am sure it may be done.
The house would close with the greatest eclat.
The houses, though scarcely half a mile apart, were not within sight of each other; but, by walking fifty yards from the hall door, she could look down the park, and command a view of the Parsonage and all its demesnes, gently rising beyond the village road; and in Dr. Grant's meadow she immediately saw the group - Edmund and Miss Crawford both on horse-back, riding side by side, Dr. and Mrs. Grant, and Mr. Crawford, with two or three grooms, standing about and looking on.
The hybrids from the common and Chines geese (A. cygnoides), species which are so different that they ar generally ranked in distinct genera, have often bred in this country wit either pure parent, and in one single instance they have bred inter se.
The hybrids raised from two species which are very difficult to cross, an which rarely produce any offspring, are generally very sterile; but th parallelism between the difficulty of making a first cross, and th sterility of the hybrids thus produced - two classes of facts which ar generally confounded together - is by no means strict.
The hybrids, moreover, produced fro reciprocal crosses often differ in fertility.
The idea of immediately seeing him, with the knowledge of what he must be suffering, brought back all her own first feelings.
The idea that returned the oftenest was that Miss Crawford, after proving herself cooled and staggered by a return to London habits, would yet prove herself in the end too much attached to him to give him up.
The identity of many plants and animals, on mountain-summits, separate from each other by hundreds of miles of lowlands, where Alpine specie could not possibly exist, is one of the most striking cases known of th same species living at distant points, without the apparent possibility o their having migrated from one point to the other.
The illustration of the swim-bladder in fishes is a good one, because i shows us clearly the highly important fact that an organ originall constructed for one purpose, namely flotation, may be converted into on for a widely different purpose, namely respiration.
The immense areas in some parts of the world, for instance i South America, of naked metamorphic rocks, which must have been heate under great pressure, have always seemed to me to require some specia explanation; and we may perhaps believe that we see in these large area the many formations long anterior to the Cambrian epoch in a completel metamorphosed and denuded condition.
The importance of an aggregate of characters, even when none ar important, alone explains the aphorism enunciated by Linnaeus, namely, tha the characters do not give the genus, but the genus gives the character for this seems founded on the appreciation of many trifling points o resemblance, too slight to be defined.
The importance of embryological characters and of rudimentar organs in classification is intelligible, on the view that a natura arrangement must be genealogical.
The importance of isolation is likewis great in preventing, after any physical change in the conditions, such a of climate, elevation of the land, etc., the immigration of better adapte organisms; and thus new places in the natural economy of the district wil be left open to be filled up by the modification of the old inhabitants.
The importance, for classification, of trifling characters, mainly depend on their being correlated with many other characters of more or les importance.
The impossibility of not doing everything in the world to make Fanny Price happy, or of ceasing to love Fanny Price, was of course the groundwork of his eloquent answer.
The improvement is by no mean generally due to crossing different breeds; all the best breeders ar strongly opposed to this practice, except sometimes among closely allie sub-breeds.
The inattention of the two brothers and the aunt to Julia's discomposure, and their blindness to its true cause, must be imputed to the fullness of their own minds.
The incapacity of migrating across a wide se is more clear in the case of terrestrial mammals than perhaps with an other organic beings; and, accordingly, we find no inexplicable instance of the same mammals inhabiting distant points of the world.
The increase of these flies, numerous as they are, must be habituall checked by some means, probably by other parasitic insects.
The indignities of stupidity, and the disappointments of selfish passion, can excite little pity.
The infertility which may be observed in various dimorphic and trimorphi plants, when they are illegitimately fertilised, that is by pollen take from stamens not corresponding in height with the pistil, differs much i degree, up to absolute and utter sterility; just in the same manner a occurs in crossing distinct species.
The ingenuity and utility of this system ar indisputable.
The inhabitants of the world at each successive period in its history hav beaten their predecessors in the race for life, and are, in so far, highe in the scale, and their structure has generally become more specialised; and this may account for the common belief held by so man palaeontologists, that organisation on the whole has progressed.
The insects in Madeira which are not ground-feeders, and which, as certai flower-feeding coleoptera and lepidoptera, must habitually use their wing to gain their subsistence, have, as Mr. Wollaston suspects, their wings no at all reduced, but even enlarged.
The instinct of nature was soon satisfied, and Mrs. Price's attachment had no other source.
The instrument recently introduced agreeably to the recommendation of the Kew Committee, is greatly superior to an other description of marine barometer which has yet been tested, a regards the accuracy with which it indicates the pressure of the atmosphere.
The intercourse of the two families was at this period more nearly restored to what it had been in the autumn, than any member of the old intimacy had thought ever likely to be again.
The intermediate species, also (and this is a ver important consideration), which connected the original species (A) and (I) have all become, except (F), extinct, and have left no descendants.
The intermediate variety, consequently, will exist i lesser numbers from inhabiting a narrow and lesser area; and practically as far as I can make out, this rule holds good with varieties in a state o nature.
The intervals between the horizontal lines in the diagram, may represen each a thousand or more generations.
The intimacy thus begun between them was a material advantage to each.
The issue of all depended on one question.
The jocund travellers came on; and as they came, Scrooge knew and named them every one.
The journey was likely to be a silent one.
The journey was pleasant, though to those who do not know the upper Thames, there is little to say about it.
The key is man's power o accumulative selection:  nature gives successive variations; man adds the up in certain directions useful to him.
The kitchen, which opened directly off the garden, was somewhat darkened by foliage; but he could see her as she approached from the far end to meet him.
The known expansion and contraction of metals under varying temperatures, caused doubts as to the accuracy of the aneroid under such changes; but they were partly removed by introducing into the vacuum box a small portion of gas, as a compensation for the effects of heat of cold.
The koulan of Pallas is said to have bee seen with a double shoulder-stripe.
The laborious breathin necessary in high regions tends, as we have good reason to believe, t increase the size of the chest; and again correlation would come into play.
The lady did not deign to remark him in her passage; her face was suffused with tears, and expressed much concern for the packages by which she was surrounded.
The lake-inhabitants o Switzerland cultivated several kinds of wheat and barley, the pea, th poppy for oil and flax; and they possessed several domesticated animals.
The land may be extremely cold or dry, ye there will be competition between some few species, or between th individuals of the same species, for the warmest or dampest spots.
The larvae of most insects pass through  worm-like stage, whether they are active and adapted to diversified habits or are inactive from being placed in the midst of proper nutriment, or fro being fed by their parents; but in some few cases, as in that of Aphis, i we look to the admirable drawings  of the development of this insect, b Professor Huxley, we see hardly any trace of the vermiform stage.
The last epoch did all that for us, and we are now content to use such of its inventions as we find handy, and leaving those alone which we don't want.
The last harvest, the last baby, the last knot of carving in the market-place, is history enough for them.
The last time I saw Crawford was at Mrs. Fraser's party.
The latte resembles somewhat more closely the chelae or pincers of Crustaceans; an Mr. Mivart might have adduced with equal appropriateness this resemblanc as a special difficulty, or even their resemblance to the head and beak o a bird.
The latter does not build its own nest, does no determine its own migrations, does not collect food for itself or it young, and cannot even feed itself:  it is absolutely dependent on it numerous slaves.
The latter drew slighting comparisons, and remembered that he was the only one who ever apologised.
The latter ruthlessly killed their small opponents and carried their dea bodies as food to their nest, twenty-nine yards distant; but they wer prevented from getting any pupae to rear as slaves.
The latter, at the same time woul travel further and further southward, unless they were stopped by barriers in which case they would perish.
The law of correlate variation, the importance of which should never be overlooked, will ensur some differences; but, as a general rule, it cannot be doubted that th continued selection of slight variations, either in the leaves, th flowers, or the fruit, will produce races differing from each other chiefl in these characters.
The lawn, bounded on each side by a high wall, contained beyond the first planted area a bowling-green, and beyond the bowling-green a long terrace walk, backed by iron palisades, and commanding a view over them into the tops of the trees of the wilderness immediately adjoining.
The laws governing inheritance are for the most part unknown; no one ca say why the same peculiarity in different individuals of the same species or in different species, is sometimes inherited and sometimes not so; wh the child often reverts in certain characteristics to its grandfather o grandmother or more remote ancestor; why a peculiarity is often transmitte from one sex to both sexes, or to one sex alone, more commonly but no exclusively to the like sex.
The leading race of animalculae had thus attained a great antiquity and were far advanced in scientific studies.
The letter had about every demerit of party letters in general; it was expressed with the energy of a believer; it was personal; it was a little more than half unfair, and about a quarter untrue.
The liberty which his absence had given was now become absolutely necessary.
The life that goes on in these big dwellings in the country is very pleasant, especially as some of the most studious men of our time live in them, and altogether there is a great variety of mind and mood to be found in them which brightens and quickens the society there.
The liquid is raised or depressed by an increase or diminution in the density of the atmosphere, and change of temperature is allowed for, by the sliding scale of the instrument being always set to agree with the height of the mercury in the attached thermometer, bringing the pointer on the sliding scale of the sympiesometer to the same degree on the inverted scale (over which it slides) as is indicated by the thermometer.
The little girl performed her long journey in safety; and at Northampton was met by Mrs. Norris, who thus regaled in the credit of being foremost to welcome her, and in the importance of leading her in to the others, and recommending her to their kindness.
The little rusticities and awkwardnesses which had at first made grievous inroads on the tranquillity of all, and not least of herself, necessarily wore away, and she was no longer materially afraid to appear before her uncle, nor did her aunt Norris's voice make her start very much.
The little visitor meanwhile was as unhappy as possible.
The little white attic, which had continued her sleeping-room ever since her first entering the family, proving incompetent to suggest any reply, she had recourse, as soon as she was dressed, to another apartment more spacious and more meet for walking about in and thinking, and of which she had now for some time been almost equally mistress.
The living in incessant noise was, to a frame and temper delicate and nervous like Fanny's, an evil which no superadded elegance or harmony could have entirely atoned for.
The living was hereafter for Edmund; and, had his uncle died a few years sooner, it would have been duly given to some friend to hold till he were old enough for orders.
The living waters have flowed durin one period from the north and during another from the south, and in bot cases have reached the equator; but the stream of life has flowed wit greater force from the north than in the opposite direction, and ha consequently more freely inundated the south.
The local forms ar moderately constant and distinct in each separate island; but when all fro the several islands are compared together, the differences are seen to b so slight and graduated that it is impossible to define or describe them though at the same time the extreme forms are sufficiently distinct.
The lock-gates opened as he spoke, and out we went, and on.
The logger-headed duck of South America can onl flap along the surface of the water, and has its wings in nearly the sam condition as the domestic Aylesbury duck:  it is a remarkable fact that th young birds, according to Mr. Cunningham, can fly, while the adults hav lost this power.
The loss of Mary I must consider as comprehending the loss of Crawford and of Fanny.
The loss of the competitive spur to exertion had not, indeed, done anything to interfere with the necessary production of the community, but how if it should make men dull by giving them too much time for thought or idle musing? But, after all, this dull thunder-cloud only threatened us, and then passed over.
The loveliness of the day, and of the view, he felt like herself.
The lower eye would, also, have been liable to be abraded by th sandy bottom.
The lower mandible of the shoveller-duck is furnished with lamella of equal length with these above, but finer; and in being thus furnished i differs conspicuously from the lower jaw of a whale, which is destitute o baleen.
The lower part of the house had been now entirely shewn, and Mrs. Rushworth, never weary in the cause, would have proceeded towards the principal staircase, and taken them through all the rooms above, if her son had not interposed with a doubt of there being time enough.
The lower, or resting-surface, resembles at first sigh the ventral surface of an ordinary fish; it is of a white colour, les developed in many ways than the upper side, with the lateral fins often o smaller size.
The luminous organs which occur in a few insects, belonging to widel different families, and which are situated in different parts of the body offer, under our present state of ignorance, a difficulty almost exactl parallel with that of the electric organs.
The ma who first selected a pigeon with a slightly larger tail, never dreamed wha the descendants of that pigeon would become through long-continued, partl unconscious and partly methodical, selection.
The maids do their work very well, and I think we shall be able to send back some dozens of the rings.
The maidservant of Mrs. Rushworth, senior, threatened alarmingly.
The main cause, however, o innumerable intermediate links not now occurring everywhere throughou nature depends, on the very process of natural selection, through which ne varieties continually take the places of and supplant their parent-forms.
The majority of these were young women clad much like Ellen last night, though not mostly in silk, but in light woollen mostly gaily embroidered; the men being all clad in white flannel embroidered in bright colours.
The majority sank quickly, but some which, whils green, floated for a very short time, when dried floated much longer; fo instance, ripe hazel-nuts sank immediately, but when dried they floated fo ninety days, and afterwards when planted germinated; an asparagus plan with ripe berries floated for twenty-three days, when dried it floated fo eighty-five days, and the seeds afterwards germinated:  the ripe seeds o Helosciadium sank in two days, when dried they floated for above ninet days, and afterwards germinated.
The males an fertile females do no work of any kind, and the workers or sterile females though most energetic and courageous in capturing slaves, do no other work.
The males of carnivorous animal are already well armed; though to them and to others, special means o defence may be given through means of sexual selection, as the mane of th lion, and the hooked jaw to the male salmon; for the shield may be a important for victory as the sword or spear.
The mammary glands are common to the whole class of mammals, and ar indispensable for their existence; they must, therefore, have bee developed at an extremely remote period, and we can know nothing positivel about their manner of development.
The mammary glands of th Ornithorhynchus may be considered, in comparison with the udders of a cow as in a nascent condition.
The man cases on record of a formation conformably covered, after an immens interval of time, by another and later formation, without the underlyin bed having suffered in the interval any wear and tear, seem explicable onl on the view of the bottom of the sea not rarely lying for ages in a unaltered condition.
The man himself was tall, dark-haired, and exceedingly handsome, and though his face was no less kindly in expression than that of the others, he moved with that somewhat haughty mien which great beauty is apt to give to both men and women.
The man is benefited by the bridge-building if it turns out a good thing, and hurt by it if it turns out a bad one, whether he puts a hand to it or not; and meanwhile he is benefiting the bridge-builders by his work, whatever that may be.
The manner i which the petals are folded in the bud is in most groups a very constan morphological character; but Professor Asa Gray states that with som species of Mimulus, the aestivation is almost as frequently that of th Rhinanthideae as of the Antirrhinideae, to which latter tribe the genu belongs.
The manner in which the bees build is curious; the always make the first rough wall from ten to twenty times thicker than th excessively thin finished wall of the cell, which will ultimately be left.
The manner of flight, and in some breeds the voice an disposition, differ remarkably.
The manners I speak of might rather be called conduct, perhaps, the result of good principles; the effect, in short, of those doctrines which it is their duty to teach and recommend; and it will, I believe, be everywhere found, that as the clergy are, or are not what they ought to be, so are the rest of the nation.
The manufacture of these useful auxiliary instruments (all French originally) has increased much latterly: and now the patent has expired.
The many animals which have remained unchanged since th commencement of the glacial period, would have been an incomparabl stronger case, for these have been exposed to great changes of climate an have migrated over great distances; whereas, in Egypt, during the las several thousand years, the conditions of life, as far as we know, hav remained absolutely uniform.
The many laughs we have had together would infallibly come across me, and Frederick and his knapsack would be obliged to run away.
The many slight differences which appear in the offspring from the sam parents, or which it may be presumed have thus arisen, from being observe in the individuals of the same species inhabiting the same confine locality, may be called individual differences.
The mare was only to be taken down to the Parsonage half an hour before her ride were to begin; and Fanny, on its being first proposed, so far from feeling slighted, was almost over-powered with gratitude that he should be asking her leave for it.
The marine inhabitants of th eastern and western shores of South America are very distinct, wit extremely few shells, crustacea, or echinodermata in common; but Dr. Gunther has recently shown that about thirty per cent of the fishes are th same on the opposite sides of the isthmus of Panama; and this fact has le naturalists to believe that the isthmus was formerly open.
The masters, on the othe hand, may be constantly seen bringing in materials for the nest, and foo of all kinds.
The meadow in which I was going was not up for hay; but a row of flake-hurdles ran up the slope not far from me on each side, and in the field so parted off from ours on the left they were making hay busily by now, in the simple fashion of the days when I was a boy.
The meadow looked like a gigantic tulip-bed because of them.
The meadows beyond what will be the garden, as well as what now is, sweeping round from the lane I stood in to the north-east, that is, to the principal road through the village, must be all laid together, of course; very pretty meadows they are, finely sprinkled with timber.
The means are thus possesses of testing barometers for index error in any part of the scale, throug the whole range of atmospheric pressure to which they are likely to b exposed, and the usual practice is to test them at every half inch fro 27.5 to 31 inches.
The meeting was generally felt to be a pleasant one, being composed in a good proportion of those who would talk and those who would listen; and the dinner itself was elegant and plentiful, according to the usual style of the Grants, and too much according to the usual habits of all to raise any emotion except in Mrs. Norris, who could never behold either the wide table or the number of dishes on it with patience, and who did always contrive to experience some evil from the passing of the servants behind her chair, and to bring away some fresh conviction of its being impossible among so many dishes but that some must be cold.
The meeting was very satisfactory on each side.
The memory is sometimes so retentive, so serviceable, so obedient; at others, so bewildered and so weak; and at others again, so tyrannic, so beyond control! We are, to be sure, a miracle every way; but our powers of recollecting and of forgetting do seem peculiarly past finding out.
The men and women varying in looks as well as in habits of thought; the costume far more various than in the commercial period.
The men appeared to her all coarse, the women all pert, everybody underbred; and she gave as little contentment as she received from introductions either to old or new acquaintance.
The men have no longer any opportunity of tyrannising over the women, or the women over the men; both of which things took place in those old times.
The men of that day who were on the side of freedom were not unhappy, I think, though they were harassed by hopes and fears, and sometimes torn by doubts, and the conflict of duties hard to reconcile.
The mention of Marley's funeral brings me back to the point I started from.
The mention of his name cast a dark shadow on the party, which was not dispelled for full five minutes.
The mercury in the cistern and tube being affected by cold or heat makes it advisable to consider this when endeavouring to foretell comin weather by the length of the column.
The mere lapse of time by itself does nothing, either for or agains natural selection.
The metamorphoses of insects, with which every one is familiar are generally effected abruptly by a few stages; but the transformation are in reality numerous and gradual, though concealed.
The method of testing thermometers is so simple as scarcely to require explanation.
The middle and longest lamina in the Greenland whale i ten, twelve, or even fifteen feet in length; but in the different specie of Cetaceans there are gradations in length; the middle lamina being in on species, according to Scoresby, four feet, in another three, in anothe eighteen inches, and in the Balaenoptera rostrata only about nine inches i length.
The min cannot possibly grasp the full meaning of the term of even a million years it cannot add up and perceive the full effects of many slight variations accumulated during an almost infinite number of generations.
The mischief such a man does on an estate, both as to the credit of his employer and the welfare of the poor, is inconceivable.
The misery with them all was, clearly, that they sought to interfere, for good, in human matters, and had lost the power for ever.
The mistletoe i dependent on the apple and a few other trees, but can only in a far-fetche sense be said to struggle with these trees, for, if too many of thes parasites grow on the same tree, it languishes and dies.
The mocked forms, which always abound in numbers must habitually escape destruction to a large extent, otherwise they coul not exist in such swarms; and a large amount of evidence has now bee collected, showing that they are distasteful to birds and other insect devouring animals.
The mockers and mocked always inhabit th same region; we never find an imitator living remote from the form which i imitates.
The mockers are almost invariably rare insects; the mocked i almost every case abounds in swarms.
The mocking forms, on the other hand, that inhabit th same district, are comparatively rare, and belong to rare groups; hence they must suffer habitually from some danger, for otherwise, from th number of eggs laid by all butterflies, they would in three or fou generations swarm over the whole country.
The modified offspring from the later and more highly improve branches in the lines of descent, will, it is probable, often take th place of, and so destroy, the earlier and less improved branches:  this i represented in the diagram by some of the lower branches not reaching t the upper horizontal lines.
The molars als differ much in the two animals in relative size and structure.
The moment that his trumpets sounded, he had been disgracefully unhorsed.
The more aberran any form is, the greater must be the number of connecting forms which hav been exterminated and utterly lost.
The more ancient a form is the more often it stands in some degree intermediate between groups no distinct; for the more ancient a form is, the more nearly it will b related to, and consequently resemble, the common progenitor of groups since become widely divergent.
The more ancient any form is, the more, as  general rule, it differs from living forms.
The more carefully and accurately these two sources of foreknowledge are compared and combined, the more satisfactory will the results prove.
The more diversified i habits and structure the descendants of our carnivorous animals become, th more places they will be enabled to occupy.
The more he thought, the more perplexed he was; and, the more he endeavoured not to think, the more he thought.
The morning was now getting on, the morning of a jewel of a summer day; one of those days which, if they were commoner in these islands, would make our climate the best of all climates, without dispute.
The morrow came, the plan for the evening continued, and Fanny's consideration of it did not become less agitated.
The most common case, especially with respect to very distinct groups, suc as fish and reptiles, seems to be that, supposing them to be distinguishe at the present day by a score of characters, the ancient members ar separated by a somewhat lesser number of characters, so that the two group formerly made a somewhat nearer approach to each other than they now do.
The most dangerous shifts of wind, and the heaviest Northerly gale happen after the mercury first rises from a very low point.
The most distinct breeds of the pigeon, in countrie widely apart, present sub-varieties with reversed feathers on the head, an with feathers on the feet, characters not possessed by the aborigina rock-pigeon; these then are analogous variations in two or more distinc races.
The most importan distinction is, that in the first generation mongrels are more variabl than hybrids; but Gartner admits that hybrids from species which have lon been cultivated are often variable in the first generation; and I hav myself seen striking instances of this fact.
The most ingenious man, if he had not witnesse what takes place, could never have imagined what purpose all these part serve.
The most objectionable part is, that the alteration of manners on being introduced into company is frequently too sudden.
The most part of these were being rowed like ourselves, or were sailing, in the sort of way that sailing is managed on the upper reaches of the river; but every now and then we came on barges, laden with hay or other country produce, or carrying bricks, lime, timber, and the like, and these were going on their way without any means of propulsion visible to me - just a man at the tiller, with often a friend or two laughing and talking with him.
The most serious of these were at Glasgow and Bristol.
The most skilful geologist, if his attention had bee confined exclusively to these large territories, would never have suspecte that during the periods which were blank and barren in his own country great piles of sediment, charged with new and peculiar forms of life, ha elsewhere been accumulated.
The most striking and important fact for us is the affinity of the specie which inhabit islands to those of the nearest mainland, without bein actually the same.
The most striking modifications, excellently adapted for som purpose, might, as was formerly remarked, be acquired by successiv variations, if slight, first in one part and then in another; and as the would be transmitted all together, they would appear to us as if they ha been simultaneously developed.
The most vigorou males, or those which have most successfully struggled with thei conditions of life, will generally leave most progeny.
The mother I could not avoid, as long as my tiresome aunt was dancing about with the housekeeper, but the son I can get away from.
The mother and her daughters were engaged in sewing.
The mother's sufferings, the father's; there she paused.
The mountains would become covered wit snow and ice, and their former Alpine inhabitants would descend to th plains.
The much greate frequency of imitation with insects than with other animals, is probabl the consequence of their small size; insects cannot defend themselves excepting indeed the kinds furnished with a sting, and I have never hear of an instance of such kinds mocking other insects, though they are mocked insects cannot easily escape by flight from the larger animals which pre on them; therefore, speaking metaphorically, they are reduced, like mos weak creatures, to trickery and dissimulation.
The naked skin on the head of a vulture is generally considere as a direct adaptation for wallowing in putridity; and so it may be, or i may possibly be due to the direct action of putrid matter; but we should b very cautious in drawing any such inference, when we see that the skin o the head of the clean-feeding male turkey is likewise naked.
The names grated on my ear, but I could not explain why to him.
The naturalist includes as on species the various larval stages of the same individual, however much the may differ from each other and from the adult; as well as the so-calle alternate generations of Steenstrup, which can only in a technical sense b considered as the same individual.
The naturalist must be dull who is not led to inquir what this bond is.
The naturalist, looking at the inhabitants o these volcanic islands in the Pacific, distant several hundred miles fro the continent, feels that he is standing on American land.
The nature and relative proportions of the inhabitants of oceanic island are likewise opposed to the belief of their former continuity o continents.
The nature of the bond is frequently quite obscure.
The nearest town, Thymebury itself, was seven miles distant along the branch they call the Vale of Thyme Railway.
The neatness and propriety of her dress was all that he would allow himself to commend in her presence, but upon her leaving the room again soon afterwards, he spoke of her beauty with very decided praise.
The necessity of the measure in a pecuniary light, and the hope of its utility to his son, reconciled Sir Thomas to the effort of quitting the rest of his family, and of leaving his daughters to the direction of others at their present most interesting time of life.
The necklace really looked very well; and Fanny left her room at last, comfortably satisfied with herself and all about her.
The nectar ma be stored in variously shaped receptacles, with the stamens and pistil modified in many ways, sometimes forming trap-like contrivances, an sometimes capable of neatly adapted movements through irritability o elasticity.
The neighbours, Richard? Dick was understood to say that there were many good families in the Vale of Thyme.
The nest, however, must hav been close at hand, for two or three individuals of F. fusca were rushin about in the greatest agitation, and one was perched motionless with it own pupa in its mouth on the top of a spray of heath, an image of despai over its ravaged home.
The new Tory Government determined to act, yet durst not re-enact the state of siege, but it sent a body of soldiers and police to arrest the Committee of Public Safety in the lump.
The new mare proved a treasure; with a very little trouble she became exactly calculated for the purpose, and Fanny was then put in almost full possession of her.
The new species in our diagram, descended from the original eleven species will now be fifteen in number.
The new species, moreover, will be allied to eac other in a widely different manner.
The news was as disagreeable to Fanny as it had been unexpected.
The newspapers - then, as always hitherto, almost entirely in the hands of the masters - clamoured to the Government for repressive measures; the rich citizens were enrolled as an extra body of police, and armed with bludgeons like them; many of these were strong, well-fed, full-blooded young men, and had plenty of stomach for fighting; but the Government did not dare to use them, and contented itself with getting full powers voted to it by the Parliament for suppressing any revolt, and bringing up more and more soldiers to London.
The newspapers next day all blazed into the fury of frightened people, and threatened the people, the Government, and everybody they could think of, unless 'order were at once restored.' A deputation of leading commercial people waited on the Government and told them that if they did not at once arrest the Committee of Public Safety, they themselves would gather a body of men, arm them, and fall on 'the incendiaries,' as they called them.
The newspapers were in ecstacies, and all the most fervent of the reactionaries now came to the front; men who in ordinary times were forced to keep their opinions to themselves or their immediate circle, but who began to look forward to crushing once for all the Socialist, and even democratic tendencies, which, said they, had been treated with such foolish indulgence for the last sixty years.
The next bustle brought in Mr. Campbell, the surgeon of the Thrush, a very well-behaved young man, who came to call for his friend, and for whom there was with some contrivance found a chair, and with some hasty washing of the young tea-maker's, a cup and saucer; and after another quarter of an hour of earnest talk between the gentlemen, noise rising upon noise, and bustle upon bustle, men and boys at last all in motion together, the moment came for setting off; everything was ready, William took leave, and all of them were gone; for the three boys, in spite of their mother's entreaty, determined to see their brother and Mr. Campbell to the sally-port; and Mr. Price walked off at the same time to carry back his neighbour's newspaper.
The next day all London (remember what it was in those days) was in a state of turmoil.
The next day came and brought no second letter.
The next day, Saturday, it is believed that little intercourse took place between Esther and her father; but towards the afternoon Dick met the latter returning from the direction of the inn, where he had struck up quite a friendship with the landlord.
The next meeting of the two Mansfield families produced another alteration in the plan, and one that was admitted with general approbation.
The next morning produced a little more.
The next morning saw them off again at an early hour; and with no events, and no delays, they regularly advanced, and were in the environs of Portsmouth while there was yet daylight for Fanny to look around her, and wonder at the new buildings.
The next opening of the door brought something more welcome: it was for the tea-things, which she had begun almost to despair of seeing that evening.
The next step was to communicate with Portsmouth.
The no temperate regions of the United States would likewise be covered by arcti plants and animals and these would be nearly the same with those of Europe for the present circumpolar inhabitants, which we suppose to hav everywhere travelled southward, are remarkably uniform round the world.
The noble science of geology loses glory from the extreme imperfection o the record.
The noise in this room was perfectly tumultuous, for there were more children there, than Scrooge in his agitated state of mind could count; and, unlike the celebrated herd in the poem, they were not forty children conducting themselves like one, but every child was conducting itself like forty.
The noisy little Cratchits were as still as statues in one corner, and sat looking up at Peter, who had a book before him.
The northern forms which had before been left on th mountains would now descend and mingle with the southern forms.
The note was held out, and must be taken; and as she instantly and with averted eyes walked towards the fireplace, where sat the others, he had nothing to do but to go in good earnest.
The notice, which she excited herself, was to this effect.
The novelty of travelling, and the happiness of being with William, soon produced their natural effect on Fanny's spirits, when Mansfield Park was fairly left behind; and by the time their first stage was ended, and they were to quit Sir Thomas's carriage, she was able to take leave of the old coachman, and send back proper messages, with cheerful looks.
The novelty was in their being lively.
The number of divisions on the vernier exceeds that in an equal space of the fixed scale by one.
The number of specimens in all our museums is absolutely as nothin compared with the countless generations of countless species which hav certainly existed.
The number of the slain on the side of the people in that shooting during a minute was prodigious; but it was not easy to come at the truth about it; it was probably between one and two thousand.
The object of shortening the scale is to avoid the necessity of applying a correction for difference of capacity between the cistern and the tube.
The object of the latter arrangement, it is well known, is to avoid the necessity of applying a correction to the readings for the difference of capacity between the cistern and the tube.
The obligation of attendance, the formality, the restraint, the length of time - altogether it is a formidable thing, and what nobody likes; and if the good people who used to kneel and gape in that gallery could have foreseen that the time would ever come when men and women might lie another ten minutes in bed, when they woke with a headache, without danger of reprobation, because chapel was missed, they would have jumped with joy and envy.
The obvious explanation is that th conditions of life have been highly favourable, and that there ha consequently been less destruction of the old and young and that nearly al the young have been enabled to breed.
The occasion would never be foreseen.
The occurrence of such places will often depend on physica changes, which generally take place very slowly, and on the immigration o better adapted forms being prevented.
The office was closed in a twinkling, and the clerk, with the long ends of his white comforter dangling below his waist (for he boasted no great-coat), went down a slide on Cornhill, at the end of a lane of boys, twenty times, in honour of its being Christmas Eve, and then ran home to Camden Town as hard as he could pelt, to play at blindman's-buff.
The offspring from the first cross between two pure breeds i tolerably and sometimes (as I have found with pigeons) quite uniform i character, and every thing seems simple enough; but when these mongrels ar crossed one with another for several generations, hardly two of them ar alike, and then the difficulty of the task becomes manifest.
The offspring, also, will thus have a better chance o surviving, for, of the many individuals of any species which ar periodically born, but a small number can survive.
The ol forms which are beaten and which yield their places to the new an victorious forms, will generally be allied in groups, from inheriting som inferiority in common; and, therefore, as new and improved groups sprea throughout the world, old groups disappear from the world; and th succession of forms everywhere tends to correspond both in their firs appearance and final disappearance.
The old boy's eyes twinkled.
The old coachman, who had been waiting about with his own horse, now joining them, Fanny was lifted on hers, and they set off across another part of the park; her feelings of discomfort not lightened by seeing, as she looked back, that the others were walking down the hill together to the village; nor did her attendant do her much good by his comments on Miss Crawford's great cleverness as a horse-woman, which he had been watching with an interest almost equal to her own.
The old gentleman had arranged his features with a view to self-command, rather than external cheerfulness; and he entered the cottage on his visit of conciliation with the bearing of a clergyman come to announce a death.
The old lady relieves the high-flown benevolence of her husband with a good deal of spirit.
The old man came in as he spoke and sat down beside us with a sigh, which, indeed, seemed fetched up as if he wanted us to take notice of it; but just then the girl came in with the victuals, and the carle missed his mark, what between our hunger generally and that I was pretty busy watching the grand-daughter moving about as beautiful as a picture.
The old man did not mean to say what was untrue, you may be sure; but he had rashly picked up gossip, as his prejudice suggested, and now rashly launched it on the public with the sanction of his name.
The old man raked the fire together with an old stair-rod, and having trimmed his smoky lamp (for it was night), with the stem of his pipe, put it in his mouth again.
The old man smiled at this.
The old man's eyes glittered and his face flushed as he spoke, and told the tale of what I had often thought might happen.
The old man, in a voice that seldom rose above the howling of the wind upon the barren waste, was singing them a Christmas song - it had been a very old song when he was a boy - and from time to time they all joined in the chorus.
The old notion of all the inhabitants o the earth having been swept away by catastrophes at successive periods i very generally given up, even by those geologists, as Elie de Beaumont Murchison, Barrande, etc., whose general views would naturally lead them t this conclusion.
The oldest seaman are often deceived by the look of the weather, but there is no instance on record of very bad weather, such as would have involved loss of life to the extent we have heard of in several years, having come on without the barometer having given timely warnings.
The only certainty to be drawn from it was, that nothing decisive had yet taken place.
The only difference between organisms which annually produce eggs or seed by the thousand, and those which produce extremely few, is, that the slo breeders would require a few more years to people, under favourabl conditions, a whole district, let it be ever so large.
The only difference will be that, living with your aunt, you will necessarily be brought forward as you ought to be.
The only drawback was the doubt of her aunt Bertram's being comfortable without her.
The only interruption which thoughts like these received for nearly half an hour was from a sudden burst of her father's, not at all calculated to compose them.
The only question is how? What may be the likeliest means? I have sometimes thought of going to London again after Easter, and sometimes resolved on doing nothing till she returns to Mansfield.
The only surprise I can feel is, that this should be the first time of its being paid.
The only weight I had upon my heart was a vague fear as it drew toward bed-time concerning the place wherein I should wake on the morrow: but I choked that down, and went to bed happy, and in a very few moments was in a dreamless sleep.
The opening was alarming.
The opercular valves of sessile cirripedes (rock barnacles are, in every sense of the word, very important structures, and they diffe extremely little even in distinct genera; but in the several species of on genus, Pyrgoma, these valves present a marvellous amount o diversification; the homologous valves in the different species bein sometimes wholly unlike in shape; and the amount of variation in th individuals of the same species is so great that it is no exaggeration t state that the varieties of the same species differ more from each other i the characters derived from these important organs, than do the specie belonging to other distinct genera.
The opportunity was too fair, and his feelings too impatient.
The opportunity was too fair.
The ordinary and open flowers can be intercrossed; and the benefits whic certainly are derived from this process are thus secured.
The ordinary newspapers gave up the struggle that morning, and only one very violent reactionary paper (called the Daily Telegraph) attempted an appearance, and rated 'the rebels' in good set terms for their folly and ingratitude in tearing out the bowels of their 'common mother,' the English Nation, for the benefit of a few greedy paid agitators, and the fools whom they were deluding.
The origin of most of our domestic animals will probably forever remai vague.
The original species of our genus wer supposed to resemble each other in unequal degrees, as is so generally th case in nature; species (A) being more nearly related to B, C, and D tha to the other species; and species (I) more to G, H, K, L, than to th others.
The other and more general departments of natural history will rise greatl in interest.
The other nine specie (marked by capital letters) of our original genus, may for long but unequa periods continue to transmit unaltered descendants; and this is shown i the diagram by the dotted lines unequally prolonged upwards.
The other party cried out the while on animalculomorphism.
The other treated him at once to an exciting beverage, and expatiated on the pleasure of meeting a compatriot in a foreign land; to hear him, you would have thought they had encountered in central Africa.
The other young people sang also in due time; and then Ellen showed us to our beds in small cottage chambers, fragrant and clean as the ideal of the old pastoral poets; and the pleasure of the evening quite extinguished my fear of the last night, that I should wake up in the old miserable world of worn-out pleasures, and hopes that were half fears.
The ovigerous frena of certain cirripedes which have ceased to give attachment to the ova and are feebly developed are nascent branchiae.
The owner of one scant young nose, gnawed and mumbled by the hungry cold as bones are gnawed by dogs, stooped down at Scrooge's keyhole to regale him with a Christmas carol: but at the first sound o God bless you, merry gentlemen May nothing you dismay Scrooge seized the ruler with such energy of action, that the singer fled in terror, leaving the keyhole to the fog and even more congenial frost.
The panels shrunk, the windows cracked; fragments of plaster fell out of the ceiling, and the naked laths were shown instead; but how all this was brought about, Scrooge knew no more than you do.
The paramoun importance of these considerations in explaining the immense amount o variation which pigeons have undergone, will likewise be obvious when w treat of selection.
The parasite was on the point of resenting this; but a look at Dick's face, and some recollection of the terms on which they had stood in Paris, came to the aid of his wisdom and restrained him.
The parasitic habits of another species of Molothrus, the M. bonariensis, are much more highly developed than those of the last, but ar still far from perfect.
The parent form of any two or more species would not b in all its characters directly intermediate between its modified offspring any more than the rock-pigeon is directly intermediate in crop and tai between its descendants, the pouter and fantail pigeons.
The parlour was the space behind the screen of rags.
The particular object of the day was then considered.
The party being now all united, and the chief talkers attracting each other, she remained in tranquillity; and as a whist-table was formed after tea - formed really for the amusement of Dr. Grant, by his attentive wife, though it was not to be supposed so - and Miss Crawford took her harp, she had nothing to do but to listen; and her tranquillity remained undisturbed the rest of the evening, except when Mr. Crawford now and then addressed to her a question or observation, which she could not avoid answering.
The passage from one stage of difference to another may, i many cases, be the simple result of the nature of the organism and of th different physical conditions to which it has long been exposed; but wit respect to the more important and adaptive characters, the passage from on stage of difference to another may be safely attributed to the cumulativ action of natural selection, hereafter to be explained, and to the effect of the increased use or disuse of parts.
The past, present, future, everything was terrible.
The path they were following led them through a wood of pine-trees carpeted with heather and blue-berry, and upon this pleasant carpet, Dick, not without some seriousness, made her sit down.
The patient face that once had lain upon the bed was glorified and radiant, but his heart found out his sister among all the host.
The pear can be grafted far more readily on th quince, which is ranked as a distinct genus, than on the apple, which is  member of the same genus.
The pear, though cultivated in classical times, appears from Pliny's description, to have been a fruit of very inferior quality.
The people growled at the sight of the red-coats; the armed men of the Committee stood undecided, not knowing what to do; and indeed this new influx so jammed the crowd together that, unorganised as they were, they had little chance of working through it.
The people were by this time pouring forth, as he had seen them with the Ghost of Christmas Present; and walking with his hands behind him, Scrooge regarded every one with a delighted smile.
The perfection with which this is done may be judged of from the fact, that of the first twelve barometers tested at the Liverpool Observatory with an apparatus exactly similar to that used at Kew (whence these instruments were sent by railway, after being tested and certified), the index corrections in the two pressures of 28 and 31 inches in three of them were the same; two differed 0.001 of an inch; and for the remainder the differences ranged from 0.002 to 0.006 of an inch.
The period a which the perfect plumage is acquired varies, as does the state of the dow with which the nestling birds are clothed when hatched.
The period o activity may come on earlier or later in life; but whenever it comes on the adaptation of the larva to its conditions of life is just as perfec and as beautiful as in the adult animal.
The petals in the imperfect flowers almos always consist of mere rudiments, and the pollen-grains are reduced i diameter.
The philosopher had declared all space to be occupied by water; nothing was less proved, nothing less proveable; beyond the inner skin of the bottle, water ceased; and if so, where was your Clockmaker? Life implied water, thought implied water.
The pisti consists of a stigma supported on the style; but in some Compositae, th male florets, which of course cannot be fecundated, have a rudimentar pistil, for it is not crowned with a stigma; but the style remains wel developed and is clothed in the usual manner with hairs, which serve t brush the pollen out of the surrounding and conjoined anthers.
The place became less strange, and the people less formidable; and if there were some amongst them whom she could not cease to fear, she began at least to know their ways, and to catch the best manner of conforming to them.
The place deserves it, and you will find yourself not satisfied with much less than it is capable of.
The place of all places, the envied seat, the post of honour, was unappropriated.
The plains near the Straits of Magellan are inhabited by on species of Rhea (American ostrich), and northward the plains of La Plata b another species of the same genus; and not by a true ostrich or emu, lik those inhabiting Africa and Australia under the same latitude.
The plan of the young couple was to proceed, after a few days, to Brighton, and take a house there for some weeks.
The plants which produced flower with the largest glands or nectaries, excreting most nectar, would oftenes be visited by insects, and would oftenest be crossed; and so in th long-run would gain the upper hand and form a local variety.
The play had been Lovers' Vows, and Mr. Yates was to have been Count Cassel.
The play should not be lost by his absence.
The play will be given up, and your delicacy honoured as it ought.
The poet, after a trial, in which he gloried in his horrid sentiments, was condemned and publicly destroyed; and this act of rigour checked for some generations the spirit of free thought.
The points of structure, in which the embryos of widely different animal within the same class resemble each other, often have no direct relation t their conditions of existence.
The polar currents are cold, dry, and heavy.
The politeness which she had been brought up to practise as a duty made it impossible for her to escape; while the want of that higher species of self-command, that just consideration of others, that knowledge of her own heart, that principle of right, which had not formed any essential part of her education, made her miserable under it.
The pollen-mass o the male plant (for the sexes are separate in this orchid) is thus carrie to the flower of the female plant, where it is brought into contact wit the stigma, which is viscid enough to break certain elastic threads, an retain the pollen, thus effecting fertilisation.
The pollen-masses are thu glued to the back of the bee which first happens to crawl out through th passage of a lately expanded flower, and are thus carried away.
The pollinia are by this mean transported by insects from one flower to the stigma of another.
The pony was tired, and the hills very long and steep, and the air sultrier than ever, for now the breeze began to fail entirely.
The popular representatives in the House understood pretty well what this meant, and after an attempt to fight the matter out by divisions in the House of Commons, they made a protest, left the House, and came in a body to the Committee of Public Safety: and the civil war began again in good earnest.
The possibility, or even probability, of inherited variations of instinc in a state of nature will be strengthened by briefly considering a fe cases under domestication.
The post was late this morning, but there has not been since a moment's delay.
The postman's knock within the neighbourhood was beginning to bring its daily terrors, and if reading could banish the idea for even half an hour, it was something gained.
The poute has a much elongated body, wings, and legs; and its enormously develope crop, which it glories in inflating, may well excite astonishment and eve laughter.
The power of the upper classes had lessened, as their command over wealth lessened, and they could not carry things wholly by the high hand as they had been used to in earlier days.
The power of twining depends, firstly, on th stems while young being extremely flexible (but this is a character commo to many plants which are not climbers); and, secondly, on their continuall bending to all points of the compass, one after the other in succession, i the same order.
The practical experiments of horticulturists, though not made wit scientific precision, deserve some notice.
The practice which has long prevailed of mounting the marine barometer in wood is objectionable.
The preacher who can touch and affect such an heterogeneous mass of hearers, on subjects limited, and long worn threadbare in all common hands; who can say anything new or striking, anything that rouses the attention without offending the taste, or wearing out the feelings of his hearers, is a man whom one could not, in his public capacity, honour enough.
The preparations meanwhile went on, and Lady Bertram continued to sit on her sofa without any inconvenience from them.
The preparations of new carriages and furniture might wait for London and spring, when her own taste could have fairer play.
The presence of an operculum seems to have been of importance as out of twelve specimens of Cyclostoma elegans, which is thus furnished eleven revived.
The presence of phosphatic nodules an bituminous matter, even in some of the lowest azotic rocks, probabl indicates life at these periods; and the existence of the Eozoon in th Laurentian formation of Canada is generally admitted.
The preservation of each species can rarely be determined by an one advantage, but by the union of all, great and small.
The principals being all agreed in this respect, it soon appeared that a very few weeks would be sufficient for such arrangements as must precede the wedding.
The principle discussed under the last heading may be applied to ou present subject.
The principle formerly alluded to under the term of ANALOGICAL VARIATIO has probably in these cases often come into play; that is, the members o the same class, although only distantly allied, have inherited so much i common in their constitution, that they are apt to vary under simila exciting causes in a similar manner; and this would obviously aid in th acquirement through natural selection of parts or organs, strikingly lik each other, independently of their direct inheritance from a commo progenitor.
The principle of the economy of growth, explained in  former chapter, by which the materials forming any part, if not useful t the possessor, are saved as far as is possible, will perhaps come into pla in rendering a useless part rudimentary.
The principle on which it is constructed may be explained in a fee words, without going into a scientific or too minute detail of its various parts.
The principle was good in itself, but it may have been, and I believe has been, carried too far in your case.
The principle, which I have designated by this term, is of high importance and explains, as I believe, several important facts.
The problem whether organisation on the whole has advanced is in many way excessively intricate.
The process o modification must be slow, and will generally affect only a few species a the same time; for the variability of each species is independent of tha of all others.
The process of extermination in such case would be rapid, whereas the production of new species must always be slow.
The productions of the lan seem to have changed at a quicker rate than those of the sea, of which  striking instance has been observed in Switzerland.
The profession, either navy or army, is its own justification.
The promised departure was all that Fanny could think of with much satisfaction.
The promised notification was hanging over her head.
The proportional numbers of its inhabitants will almos immediately undergo a change, and some species will probably becom extinct.
The proportional width o the gape of mouth, the proportional length of the eyelids, of the orific of the nostrils, of the tongue (not always in strict correlation with th length of beak), the size of the crop and of the upper part of th oesophagus; the development and abortion of the oil-gland; the number o the primary wing and caudal feathers; the relative length of the wing an tail to each other and to the body; the relative length of the leg an foot; the number of scutellae on the toes, the development of skin betwee the toes, are all points of structure which are variable.
The proposal was a very pleasant one to William himself, who enjoyed the idea of travelling post with four horses, and such a good-humoured, agreeable friend; and, in likening it to going up with despatches, was saying at once everything in favour of its happiness and dignity which his imagination could suggest; and Fanny, from a different motive, was exceedingly pleased; for the original plan was that William should go up by the mail from Northampton the following night, which would not have allowed him an hour's rest before he must have got into a Portsmouth coach; and though this offer of Mr. Crawford's would rob her of many hours of his company, she was too happy in having William spared from the fatigue of such a journey, to think of anything else.
The prospect for her cousin grew worse and worse.
The quagga though so plainly barred like a zebra over the body, is without bars on th legs; but Dr. Gray has figured one specimen with very distinct zebra-lik bars on the hocks.
The quality of the whalebone also differs in the differen species.
The quarter was so long, that he was more than once convinced he must have sunk into a doze unconsciously, and missed the clock.
The question is difficult to answer, because the more distinc the forms are which we consider, by so much the arguments in favour o community of descent become fewer in number and less in force.
The question is not, at what period of life an variation may have been caused, but at what period the effects ar displayed.
The question of single or multiple centres of creation differs from anothe though allied question, namely, whether all the individuals of the sam species are descended from a single pair, or single hermaphrodite, o whether, as some authors suppose, from many individuals simultaneousl created.
The quicksilver falls as the air becomes lighter, rises as it becomes heavier, and remains at rest in the glas tube while the air is unchanged in weight.
The railway having disappeared, and therewith the various level bridges over the streams of Thames, we were soon through Medley Lock and in the wide water that washes Port Meadow, with its numerous population of geese nowise diminished; and I thought with interest how its name and use had survived from the older imperfect communal period, through the time of the confused struggle and tyranny of the rights of property, into the present rest and happiness of complete Communism.
The railways did not run, the telegraph-wires were unserved; flesh, fish, and green stuff brought to market was allowed to lie there still packed and perishing; the thousands of middle-class families, who were utterly dependant for the next meal on the workers, made frantic efforts through their more energetic members to cater for the needs of the day, and amongst those of them who could throw off the fear of what was to follow, there was, I am told, a certain enjoyment of this unexpected picnic - a forecast of the days to come, in which all labour grew pleasant.
The raised way led us into a little field bounded by a backwater of the river on one side; on the right hand we could see a cluster of small houses and barns, new and old, and before us a grey stone barn and a wall partly overgrown with ivy, over which a few grey gables showed.
The range is small between the tropics, but very large in the higher latitudes.
The range, or difference of height, of the mercury, due to change of direction only, from one of these bearings to the other (supposing strength or force, and moisture, to remain the same) amounts in thes latitudes to about half an inch (shown by the barometer as read off).
The rapid or slow rise of a squall cloud, its more or less disturbed look, that is, whether its body is much agitated, and changing for continually, with broken clouds, or scud, flying about - or whether the mass of cloud is shapeless and nearly quiet, though floating onwards across the sky - foretells more or less wind accordingly.
The rat and mouse cannot be considered a domestic animals, but they have been transported by man to many parts o the world, and now have a far wider range than any other rodent; for the live under the cold climate of Faroe in the north and of the Falklands i the south, and on many an island in the torrid zones.
The rea affinities of all organic beings, in contradistinction to their adaptiv resemblances, are due to inheritance or community of descent.
The reader will best understand wha is meant, if he will take the trouble to refer to the diagram in the fourt chapter.
The reader will perhaps best appreciate the amount o difference in these workers by my giving, not the actual measurements, bu a strictly accurate illustration:  the difference was the same as if w were to see a set of workmen building a house, of whom many were five fee four inches high, and many sixteen feet high; but we must in additio suppose that the larger workmen had heads four instead of three times a big as those of the smaller men, and jaws nearly five times as big.
The real difficulty in our present subject is not, as it appears to me, wh domestic varieties have not become mutually infertile when crossed, but wh this has so generally occurred with natural varieties, as soon as they hav been permanently modified in a sufficient degree to take rank as species.
The real solicitude now awakened in the maternal bosom was not soon over.
The really surprising fact in this case of the Galapagos Archipelago, an in a lesser degree in some analogous cases, is that each new species afte being formed in any one island, did not spread quickly to the othe islands.
The reason for this was that they dreaded the use by apparently unarmed men of an explosive called dynamite, of which many loud boasts were made by the workers on the eve of these events; although it turned out to be of little use as a material for war in the way that was expected.
The recent increase of the missel-thrush in parts of Scotland ha caused the decrease of the song-thrush.
The register of his burial was signed by the clergyman, the clerk, the undertaker and the chief mourner.
The relation between the power and extent of migration in certain species either at the present or at some former period, and the existence at remot points of the world of closely allied species, is shown in another and mor general way.
The relations just discussed - namely, lower organisms ranging more widel than the higher - some of the species of widely-ranging genera themselve ranging widely - such facts, as alpine, lacustrine, and marsh production being generally related to those which live on the surrounding low land and dry lands - the striking relationship between the inhabitants of island and those of the nearest mainland - the still closer relationship of th distinct inhabitants of the islands of the same archipelago - ar inexplicable on the ordinary view of the independent creation of eac species, but are explicable if we admit colonisation from the nearest o readiest source, together with the subsequent adaptation of the colonist to their new homes.
The relations of the muscles are as different as it is possibl to conceive, and so in other points.
The remaining three, Mrs. Rushworth, Mrs. Norris, and Julia, were still far behind; for Julia, whose happy star no longer prevailed, was obliged to keep by the side of Mrs. Rushworth, and restrain her impatient feet to that lady's slow pace, while her aunt, having fallen in with the housekeeper, who was come out to feed the pheasants, was lingering behind in gossip with her.
The remains which do become embedded, if in sand o gravel, will, when the beds are upraised, generally be dissolved by th percolation of rain water charged with carbonic acid.
The remembrance of all her earliest pleasures, and of what she had suffered in being torn from them, came over her with renewed strength, and it seemed as if to be at home again would heal every pain that had since grown out of the separation.
The remembrance of her first evening in that room, of her father and his newspaper, came across her.
The removal of the bookcase from before the billiard-room door struck him especially, but he had scarcely more than time to feel astonished at all this, before there were sounds from the billiard-room to astonish him still farther.
The report of this conference was laid before Parliament, and the result was a vote of money for the purchase of instruments and the discussion of observations, under the superintendence of the Board of Trade.
The reproof of an immediate conclusion of everything, the sweep of every preparation, would be sufficient.
The resemblance between the greyhound and race-horse is hardl more fanciful than the analogies which have been drawn by some author between widely different animals.
The resemblance in the shape of the body and in th fin-like anterior limbs between dugongs and whales, and between these tw orders of mammals and fishes, are analogical.
The rest gathered round us and clinked glasses, and the men on the scaffold turned about and drank to our healths; but the busy little woman by the door would have none of it all, but only shrugged her shoulders when her daughter came up to her and touched her.
The rest might wait.
The rest of the way is such as it ought to be.
The rest of your note I know means nothing; but I am so unequal to anything of the sort, that I hope you will excuse my begging you to take no farther notice.
The result is not death t the unsuccessful competitor, but few or no offspring.
The result was growing confusion, great suffering amongst the working classes, and, as a consequence, great discontent.
The result would often be greatly retarde by free intercrossing.
The resulting free curve (or zig-zag) will show at a glance what have been the movement during the days immediately previous, by which, and not merely by the last observation, a judgment may be formed of the weather to be expected.
The results of the various, unknown, or but dimly understood laws o variation are infinitely complex and diversified.
The return of Henry Crawford, and the arrival of William Price, had much to do with it, but much was still owing to Sir Thomas's more than toleration of the neighbourly attempts at the Parsonage.
The return of winter engagements, however, was not without its effect; and in the course of their progress, her mind became so pleasantly occupied in superintending the fortunes of her eldest niece, as tolerably to quiet her nerves.
The revolving movement ceases after the early growth of eac shoot.
The revulsion was complete; animalcules of every age and station crowded to the seats of worship; the caraffe rang with psalms; and there was no sentient creature from one side of the bottle to the other who would not have sacrificed all that he possessed to do the Clockmaker a service.
The rich middle classes (they had no relation with the working classes) treated them with the kind of contemptuous toleration with which a mediaeval baron treated his jester; though it must be said that they were by no means so pleasant as the old jesters were, being, in fact, the bores of society.
The river came down through a wide meadow on my left, which was grey now with the ripened seeding grasses; the gleaming water was lost presently by a turn of the bank, but over the meadow I could see the mingled gables of a building where I knew the lock must be, and which now seemed to combine a mill with it.
The road plunged at once into a beautiful wood spreading out on either side, but obviously much further on the north side, where even the oaks and sweet chestnuts were of a good growth; while the quicker-growing trees (amongst which I thought the planes and sycamores too numerous) were very big and fine-grown.
The rock-pigeon is of a slaty-blue, with white loins; bu the Indian sub-species, C. intermedia of Strickland, has this part bluish.
The rock-thrush of Guiana, birds of paradise, and some others congregate, and successive males display with the most elaborate care, an show off in the best manner, their gorgeous plumage; they likewise perfor strange antics before the females, which, standing by as spectators, a last choose the most attractive partner.
The room had then become useless, and for some time was quite deserted, except by Fanny, when she visited her plants, or wanted one of the books, which she was still glad to keep there, from the deficiency of space and accommodation in her little chamber above: but gradually, as her value for the comforts of it increased, she had added to her possessions, and spent more of her time there; and having nothing to oppose her, had so naturally and so artlessly worked herself into it, that it was now generally admitted to be hers.
The room looked very much as on his last visit, with Esther at the table and Van Tromp beside the fire; but the expression of the two faces told a very different story.
The room was most dear to her, and she would not have changed its furniture for the handsomest in the house, though what had been originally plain had suffered all the ill-usage of children; and its greatest elegancies and ornaments were a faded footstool of Julia's work, too ill done for the drawing-room, three transparencies, made in a rage for transparencies, for the three lower panes of one window, where Tintern Abbey held its station between a cave in Italy and a moonlight lake in Cumberland, a collection of family profiles, thought unworthy of being anywhere else, over the mantelpiece, and by their side, and pinned against the wall, a small sketch of a ship sent four years ago from the Mediterranean by William, with H.M.S. Antwerp at the bottom, in letters as tall as the mainmast.
The room was not filled with drinking water; neither were its walls of the same substance as the table cloth.
The room was very dark, too dark to be observed with any accuracy, though Scrooge glanced round it in obedience to a secret impulse, anxious to know what kind of room it was.
The rooms were too large for her to move in with ease: whatever she touched she expected to injure, and she crept about in constant terror of something or other; often retreating towards her own chamber to cry; and the little girl who was spoken of in the drawing-room when she left it at night as seeming so desirably sensible of her peculiar good fortune, ended every day's sorrows by sobbing herself to sleep.
The roughest sketch or diagram, indicating the various directions of wind, and the course of the meteor's centre, will show more plainly than descriptions - which must necessarily vary with each case, and are tedious.
The ruin of the play was to them a certainty: they felt the total destruction of the scheme to be inevitably at hand; while Mr. Yates considered it only as a temporary interruption, a disaster for the evening, and could even suggest the possibility of the rehearsal being renewed after tea, when the bustle of receiving Sir Thomas were over, and he might be at leisure to be amused by it.
The ruins of a hous burnt by fire do not tell their tale more plainly than do the mountains o Scotland and Wales, with their scored flanks, polished surfaces, an perched boulders, of the icy streams with which their valleys were latel filled.
The rule applies to males and females; bu more rarely to females, as they seldom offer remarkable secondary sexua characters.
The rule applies very strongl in the case of secondary sexual characters, when displayed in any unusua manner.
The rule being so plainly applicable in the case of secondar sexual characters, may be due to the great variability of these characters whether or not displayed in any unusual manner - of which fact I think ther can be little doubt.
The rules for classifying will no doubt become simpler when w have a definite object in view.
The ruling classes, and the middle-class non-politicians who had been their real strength and support, were as sheep lacking a shepherd; they literally did not know what to do.
The sam agency may have come into play with the eggs of some of the smalle fresh-water animals.
The sam author as well as some botanists, have further remarked that multiple part are extremely liable to vary in structure.
The sam number of joints in the tarsi is a character common to very large groups o beetles, but in the Engidae, as Westwood has remarked, the number varie greatly and the number likewise differs in the two sexes of the sam species.
The same evening afforded him an opportunity of trying his strength.
The same fact has been noticed by E. Forbes i sounding the depths of the sea with the dredge.
The same ha been found to hold good when one variety and several mixed varieties o wheat have been sown on equal spaces of ground.
The same law governs th construction of the mouths and limbs of crustaceans.
The same law which has determined the relationship between the inhabitant of islands and the nearest mainland, is sometimes displayed on a smal scale, but in a most interesting manner, within the limits of the sam archipelago.
The same observer has recently found great moraines at a lo level on the Atlas range in North Africa.
The same organ having performed simultaneously ver different functions, and then having been in part or in whole specialise for one function; and two distinct organs having performed at the same tim the same function, the one having been perfected whilst aided by the other must often have largely facilitated transitions.
The same principle is seen in the naturalisation of plants through man' agency in foreign lands.
The same principle which governs the general character of the inhabitant of oceanic islands, namely, the relation to the source whence colonist could have been most easily derived, together with their subsequen modification, is of the widest application throughout nature.
The same principles apply to the distribution of terrestrial animals and o marine productions, in the northern and southern temperate zones, and o the intertropical mountains.
The same principles are followed by horticulturists; but the variations ar here often more abrupt.
The same remark holds good i regard to the fruit of the several varieties of the plum, and still mor strongly with the melon, as well as in many other analogous cases.
The same remarks may be extended to the two chief races of th pig.
The same sort of difficulty is presented if we enquire how it i that certain flavours and odours give pleasure, and others displeasure.
The same story is told still more plainly b faults - those great cracks along which the strata have been upheaved on on side, or thrown down on the other, to the height or depth of thousands o feet; for since the crust cracked, and it makes no great difference whethe the upheaval was sudden, or, as most geologists now believe, was slow an effected by many starts, the surface of the land has been so completel planed down that no trace of these vast dislocations is externally visible.
The same varieties o the cabbage do not yield abundant and nutritious foliage and a copiou supply of oil-bearing seeds.
The savages in Sout Africa match their draught cattle by colour, as do some of the Esquimau their teams of dogs.
The scale is graduated to thousandths because the sea water usually ranges between 1.014 and about 1.036.
The scale, instead of being divided into inches in the usual way, is shortened in the proportion of about 0.04 of an inch for every inch.
The scene-painter was gone, having spoilt only the floor of one room, ruined all the coachman's sponges, and made five of the under-servants idle and dissatisfied; and Sir Thomas was in hopes that another day or two would suffice to wipe away every outward memento of what had been, even to the destruction of every unbound copy of Lovers' Vows in the house, for he was burning all that met his eye.
The scheme advanced.
The scheme was soon repeated to Henry.
The season and duties which brought Mr. Bertram back to Mansfield took Mr. Crawford into Norfolk.
The season, the scene, the air, were all favourable to tenderness and sentiment.
The second day's trial was not so guiltless.
The second meeting proved him not so very plain: he was plain, to be sure, but then he had so much countenance, and his teeth were so good, and he was so well made, that one soon forgot he was plain; and after a third interview, after dining in company with him at the Parsonage, he was no longer allowed to be called so by anybody.
The secondary formations are more broken but, as Bronn has remarked, neither the appearance nor disappearance of th many species embedded in each formation has been simultaneous.
The servant believed not, and being eager to shift the responsibility of speech to other shoulders, suggested that perhaps the master had better inquire further from George the stableman in person.
The servant of Mrs. Rushworth, the mother, had exposure in her power, and supported by her mistress, was not to be silenced.
The severa parts which are homologous, and which, at an early embryonic period, ar identical in structure, and which are necessarily exposed to simila conditions, seem eminently liable to vary in a like manner:  we see this i the right and left sides of the body varying in the same manner; in th front and hind legs, and even in the jaws and limbs, varying together, fo the lower jaw is believed by some anatomists to be homologous with th limbs.
The several difficulties here discussed, namely, that, though we find i our geological formations many links between the species which now exis and which formerly existed, we do not find infinitely numerous fin transitional forms closely joining them all together.
The several subordinate groups in an class cannot be ranked in a single file, but seem clustered round points and these round other points, and so on in almost endless cycles.
The sexes of Molothrus badius are stated by an excellen observer, Mr. Hudson, sometimes to live promiscuously together in flocks and sometimes to pair.
The shadow darkened on Mr. Naseby's face; the junction did not occur to him; his last hope was for Van Tromp's cottage; thither he bade George guide him, and thither he followed, nursing grief, anxiety, and indignation in his heart.
The shape and siz of the eggs vary.
The shape as well as the breadth and length of the ramus of the lower jaw, varies i a highly remarkable manner.
The shape of a crystal i determined solely by the molecular forces, and it is not surprising tha dissimilar substances should sometimes assume the same form; but wit organic beings we should bear in mind that the form of each depends on a infinitude of complex relations, namely on the variations which hav arisen, these being due to causes far too intricate to be followed out - o the nature of the variations which have been preserved or selected, an this depends on the surrounding physical conditions, and in a still highe degree on the surrounding organisms with which each being has come int competition - and lastly, on inheritance (in itself a fluctuating element from innumerable progenitors, all of which have had their forms determine through equally complex relations.
The shape, also, of the pelvis might affect by pressure th shape of certain parts of the young in the womb.
The sight of Betsey brought the image of little Mary back again, but she would not have pained her mother by alluding to her for the world.
The similar framework of bones in the hand of a man, wing of a bat, fin o the porpoise, and leg of the horse - the same number of vertebrae formin the neck of the giraffe and of the elephant - and innumerable other suc facts, at once explain themselves on the theory of descent with slow an slight successive modifications.
The similarity of pattern in the wing an in the leg of a bat, though used for such different purpose - in the jaw and legs of a crab - in the petals, stamens, and pistils of a flower, i likewise, to a large extent, intelligible on the view of the gradua modification of parts or organs, which were aboriginally alike in an earl progenitor in each of these classes.
The simplest organ which can be called an eye consists of an optic nerve surrounded by pigment-cells and covered by translucent skin, but withou any lens or other refractive body.
The sister is not to be in your mind without bringing the brother too.
The sister with whom she was used to be on easy terms was now become her greatest enemy: they were alienated from each other; and Julia was not superior to the hope of some distressing end to the attentions which were still carrying on there, some punishment to Maria for conduct so shameful towards herself as well as towards Mr. Rushworth.
The sisters, handsome, clever, and encouraging, were an amusement to his sated mind; and finding nothing in Norfolk to equal the social pleasures of Mansfield, he gladly returned to it at the time appointed, and was welcomed thither quite as gladly by those whom he came to trifle with further.
The situation of the house excluded the possibility of much prospect from any of the rooms; and while Fanny and some of the others were attending Mrs. Rushworth, Henry Crawford was looking grave and shaking his head at the windows.
The situation was not sufficiently defined.
The situation was odiously farcical.
The six descendants from (I) will form two sub-genera or genera.
The size and shape of the aperture in the sternum are highly variable; so is the degree of divergence an relative size of the two arms of the furcula.
The slaves ar black and not above half the size of their red masters, so that th contrast in their appearance is great.
The sliding-scale (vernier) divides the tenths into ten parts each, of hundredths of an inch.
The slight had been most determined.
The slightest advantage in certain individuals, at any age or during an season, over those with which they come into competition, or bette adaptation in however slight a degree to the surrounding physica conditions, will, in the long run, turn the balance.
The sloth, the hopelessness, and if I may say so, the cowardice of the last century, had given place to the eager, restless heroism of a declared revolutionary period.
The smallness of the house and thinness of the walls brought everything so close to her, that, added to the fatigue of her journey, and all her recent agitation, she hardly knew how to bear it.
The smallness of the rooms above and below, indeed, and the narrowness of the passage and staircase, struck her beyond her imagination.
The smallness of the scale of everything, the short reaches, and the speedy change of the banks, give one a feeling of going somewhere, of coming to something strange, a feeling of adventure which I have not felt in bigger waters.
The so-called aristocracy of wealth, sir, I despise.
The solemn procession, headed by Baddeley, of tea-board, urn, and cake-bearers, made its appearance, and delivered her from a grievous imprisonment of body and mind.
The solitary candle was held between himself and the paper, without any reference to her possible convenience; but she had nothing to do, and was glad to have the light screened from her aching head, as she sat in bewildered, broken, sorrowful contemplation.
The son had a good estate in Norfolk, the daughter twenty thousand pounds.
The sort of dread in which Fanny now sat of seeing Mr. Rushworth prevented her thinking so much of their continued absence, however, as she might have done.
The sound of a chair pushed sharply over the floor startled his heart into his mouth; but the silence which had thus been disturbed settled back again at once upon the cottage and its vicinity.
The sound resounded through the house like thunder.
The spare rooms at the Parsonage had never been wanted, but the absolute necessity of a spare room for a friend was now never forgotten.
The species and even the genera of many larg natural families are so closely allied together that it is difficult t distinguish not a few of them.
The species extreme i character are not the oldest or the most recent; nor are those which ar intermediate in character, intermediate in age.
The species of all kinds which inhabit oceanic islands are few in numbe compared with those on equal continental areas:  Alph.
The spectre, after listening for a moment, joined in the mournful dirge; and floated out upon the bleak, dark night.
The spine is always striped; the legs are generally barred; and th shoulder-stripe, which is sometimes double and sometimes treble, is common the side of the face, moreover, is sometimes striped.
The spirit of the new days, of our days, was to be delight in the life of the world; intense and overweening love of the very skin and surface of the earth on which man dwells, such as a lover has in the fair flesh of the woman he loves; this, I say, was to be the new spirit of the time.
The sportsman know their value for indicating a good or bad scenting day.
The squire came armed for battle; took in his man from top to toe in one rapid and scornful glance, and decided on a course at once.
The squire was standing with his back to the fire in a state bordering on apoplexy, his fingers violently knitted under his coat tails.
The squire was too much relieved to be angry.
The state of her spirits had probably had its share in her indisposition; for she had been feeling neglected, and been struggling against discontent and envy for some days past.
The stationmaster had already gone off to his garden, which was half a mile away in a hollow of the moor; a porter, who was just leaving, took charge of the phaeton, and promised to return it before night to Naseby House; only a deaf, snuffy, and stern old man remained to play propriety for Dick and Esther.
The steadier the column, or the more gradually it moves, the more settled in character will the weather be, and conversely: because it shows a quiet settled state of the atmosphere; or, if otherwise, the reverse.
The sterility is innately variable i individuals of the same species, and is eminently susceptible to action o favourable and unfavourable conditions.
The sterility of first crosses and of their hybrid progeny has not bee acquired through natural selection.
The sterility of these illegitimate plants, when united wit each other in a legitimate manner, may be strictly compared with that o hybrids when crossed inter se.
The stiffness of the meeting soon gave way before their popular manners and more diffused intimacies: little groups were formed, and everybody grew comfortable.
The stone was a little weathered, but showed no marks of the grimy sootiness which I was used to on every London building more than a year old.
The store of nutriment laid up within the seeds of many plants seems a first sight to have no sort of relation to other plants.
The storm through Baron Wildenheim was the height of his theatrical ambition; and with the advantage of knowing half the scenes by heart already, he did now, with the greatest alacrity, offer his services for the part.
The streets were quite peaceful and quiet, though there were many spectators to see the procession pass.
The strength or force alone of wind from any quarter (moisture and direction being unchanged) is preceded, or foretold, by a fall or rise according as the strength will be greater or less, ranging, in a extreme case, to more than two inches.
The stripe on the shoulder i sometimes double, and is very variable in length and outline.
The stripes ar often plainest in the foal; and sometimes quite disappear in old horses.
The study o domestic productions will rise immensely in value.
The subject had been already handled in the drawing-room; it was revived in the dining-parlour.
The subject is in many way important for us, more especially as the sterility of species when firs crossed, and that of their hybrid offspring, cannot have been acquired, a I shall show, by the preservation of successive profitable degrees o sterility.
The subject is more justly considered.
The subject of improving grounds, meanwhile, was still under consideration among the others; and Mrs. Grant could not help addressing her brother, though it was calling his attention from Miss Julia Bertram.
The subject of reading aloud was farther discussed.
The subject well deserves to be discussed at great length, but I will her take only a single case, that of working or sterile ants.
The subjects I recognised at once, and indeed was very particularly familiar with them.
The succession o the same types of structure within the same areas during the late geological periods ceases to be mysterious, and is intelligible on th principle of inheritance.
The sudden manner i which several groups of species first appear in our European formations the almost entire absence, as at present known, of formations rich i fossils beneath the Cambrian strata, are all undoubtedly of the mos serious nature.
The sufferings which Lady Bertram did not see had little power over her fancy; and she wrote very comfortably about agitation, and anxiety, and poor invalids, till Tom was actually conveyed to Mansfield, and her own eyes had beheld his altered appearance.
The suggestion was generally welcome.
The sun shone clearly and pleasantly; the wind was fresh and brisk upon their faces, and smelt racily of woods and meadows.
The sun very low down showed us Henley little altered in outward aspect from what I remembered it.
The sun was yet an hour and half above the horizon.
The surprise of your refusal, Fanny, seems to have been unbounded.
The surprise was now complete; for, in spite of whatever his consciousness might suggest, a suspicion of his having any such views had never entered his sister's imagination; and she looked so truly the astonishment she felt, that he was obliged to repeat what he had said, and more fully and more solemnly.
The suture in the skulls of young mammals have been advanced as a beautiful adaptatio for aiding parturition, and no doubt they facilitate, or may b indispensable for this act; but as sutures occur in the skulls of youn birds and reptiles, which have only to escape from a broken egg, we ma infer that this structure has arisen from the laws of growth, and has bee taken advantage of in the parturition of the higher animals.
The swim-bladder has also, been worked in as an accessory to the auditory organs of certai fishes.
The sympiesometer is considered to be more sensitive than the marine barometer, falling sooner, and rising earlier, but this is partly in consequence of the marine barometer tube being contracted, to prevent oscillation or pumping.
The table between the windows was covered with work-boxes and netting-boxes which had been given her at different times, principally by Tom; and she grew bewildered as to the amount of the debt which all these kind remembrances produced.
The tail has a terminal dark bar, with the outer feathers externally edge at the base with white.
The tail of th giraffe looks like an artificially constructed fly-flapper; and it seems a first incredible that this could have been adapted for its present purpos by successive slight modifications, each better and better fitted, for s trifling an object as to drive away flies; yet we should pause before bein too positive even in this case, for we know that the distribution an existence of cattle and other animals in South America absolutely depend o their power of resisting the attacks of insects:  so that individuals whic could by any means defend themselves from these small enemies, would b able to range into new pastures and thus gain a great advantage.
The telescope has two horizontal wires, one fixed, and the other moveable by a micrometer, screw so that the difference between the height of the column of mercury and the nearest division on the scale of the Standard, and also of all the other barometers placed b the side of it for comparison, can be measured either with the vertical scale and vernier or the micrometer wire.
The tendency to catch rats rather than mice is know to be inherited.
The term species thus comes to b a mere useless abstraction, implying and assuming a separate act o creation.
The term variety, again, in comparison with mere individua differences, is also applied arbitrarily, for convenience sake.
The term, secondary sexual characters, used by Hunter, relates t characters which are attached to one sex, but are not directly connecte with the act of reproduction.
The terms used by naturalists, of affinity, relationship community of type, paternity, morphology, adaptive characters, rudimentar and aborted organs, etc., will cease to be metaphorical and will have  plain signification.
The terror of his former occasional visits to that room seemed all renewed, and she felt as if he were going to examine her again in French and English.
The theory of natural selection is grounded on the belief that each ne variety and ultimately each new species, is produced and maintained b having some advantage over those with which it comes into competition; an the consequent extinction of less-favoured forms almost inevitably follows.
The theory of natural selection, even i we look no further than this, seems to be in the highest degree probable.
The thermometer fixed to a barometer intended to be used only as weather-glass shows the temperature of air about it nearly - but does not show the temperature of mercury within exactly.
The they, and the hermetically sealed storm glasses, are influenced by causes besides pressure and temperature, appears now to be certain.
The thing was good in itself, and could not be done at a better time; and he had no doubt of it being highly agreeable to Fanny.
The third upon the next night when the last stroke of twelve has ceased to vibrate.
The thought returned again and again.
The three existing genera, a14, q14, p14, will for a small family; b14 and f14, a closely allied family or subfamily; and o14 i14, m14, a third family.
The three lowest orders of mammals, namely, marsupials edentata, and rodents, co-exist in South America in the same region wit numerous monkeys, and probably interfere little with each other.
The three were occupied partly with eating cherries, partly with patting and punching Greylocks, who took all their caresses in good part, but pricked up his ears when Dick made his appearance.
The thunderbolt had fallen; the Admiral was here.
The tides are affected by atmospheric pressure, so much that a rise of one inch in the barometer will have a corresponding fall in the tides of nine to sixteen inches, or about one foot for each inch.
The tides in most cases reach th cliffs only for a short time twice a day, and the waves eat into them onl when they are charged with sand or pebbles; for there is good evidence tha pure water effects nothing in wearing away rock.
The time may come -  The colour rushed into her cheeks as she spoke.
The time of the play is a time which I hate to recollect.
The time was now come when Sir Thomas expected his sister-in-law to claim her share in their niece, the change in Mrs. Norris's situation, and the improvement in Fanny's age, seeming not merely to do away any former objection to their living together, but even to give it the most decided eligibility; and as his own circumstances were rendered less fair than heretofore, by some recent losses on his West India estate, in addition to his eldest son's extravagance, it became not undesirable to himself to be relieved from the expense of her support, and the obligation of her future provision.
The time was when we might have had a good piece of salmon up from London for you; but the times have grown mean and petty.
The time will never come.
The town invaded the country; but the invaders, like the warlike invaders of early days, yielded to the influence of their surroundings, and became country people; and in their turn, as they became more numerous than the townsmen, influenced them also; so that the difference between town and country grew less and less; and it was indeed this world of the country vivified by the thought and briskness of town-bred folk which has produced that happy and leisurely but eager life of which you have had a first taste.
The truth is, that he tried to be smart, as a means of distracting his own attention, and keeping down his terror; for the spectre's voice disturbed the very marrow in his bones.
The truth is, that she was the only girl in company for you to notice, and you must have a somebody.
The truth of the principle that the greatest amount of life can b supported by great diversification of structure, is seen under many natura circumstances.
The truth of these propositions cannot,  think, be disputed.
The truth rushed on her; and how she could have spoken at all, how she could even have breathed, was afterwards matter of wonder to herself.
The tube of the Standard is contracted similarly to that of the marine barometer but a provision is made for adjusting the mercury in its cistern to the zero point.
The tubes of the corolla of the commo red or incarnate clovers (Trifolium pratense and incarnatum) do not on  hasty glance appear to differ in length; yet the hive-bee can easily suc the nectar out of the incarnate clover, but not out of the common re clover, which is visited by humble-bees alone; so that whole fields of th red clover offer in vain an abundant supply of precious nectar to th hive-bee.
The tuft of hair on the breast of the wild turkey-cock cannot be o any use, and it is doubtful whether it can be ornamental in the eyes of th female bird; indeed, had the tuft appeared under domestication it woul have been called a monstrosity.
The turbit has a short and conical beak, with a line of reverse feathers down the breast; and it has the habit of continually expanding slightly, the upper part of the oesophagus.
The two cousins walked home together; and, except in the immediate discussion of this engagement, which Edmund spoke of with the warmest satisfaction, as so particularly desirable for her in the intimacy which he saw with so much pleasure established, it was a silent walk; for having finished that subject, he grew thoughtful and indisposed for any other.
The two families will be meeting every day in the year.
The two girls were more at a loss from being younger and in greater awe of their father, who addressed them on the occasion with rather an injudicious particularity.
The two kinds of flowers often differ much, a just stated, in structure.
The two ladies were together in the breakfast-room, and, fortunately for him, Lady Bertram was on the very point of quitting it as he entered.
The two ladies, even in the short time they had been together, had disagreed; and the bitterness of the elder against her daughter-in-law might perhaps arise almost as much from the personal disrespect with which she had herself been treated as from sensibility for her son.
The two men remained looking at each other with some confusion on both sides.
The two sisters were so kind to her, and so pleasant, that Fanny might have enjoyed her visit could she have believed herself not in the way, and could she have foreseen that the weather would certainly clear at the end of the hour, and save her from the shame of having Dr. Grant's carriage and horses out to take her home, with which she was threatened.
The two thus combined making a hygrometer: for which some kinds of hair, grass, or seaweed may be a make-shift.
The two young men were the only talkers, but they, standing by the fire, talked over the too common neglect of the qualification, the total inattention to it, in the ordinary school-system for boys, the consequently natural, yet in some instances almost unnatural, degree of ignorance and uncouthness of men, of sensible and well-informed men, when suddenly called to the necessity of reading aloud, which had fallen within their notice, giving instances of blunders, and failures with their secondary causes, the want of management of the voice, of proper modulation and emphasis, of foresight and judgment, all proceeding from the first cause: want of early attention and habit; and Fanny was listening again with great entertainment.
The ultimat result is that each creature tends to become more and more improved i relation to its conditions.
The undulatory theory of light has thus been arrived at; an the belief in the revolution of the earth on its own axis was until latel supported by hardly any direct evidence.
The universe seemed plain to him.
The upper mandible i furnished on each side (in the specimen examined by me) with a row or com formed of 188 thin, elastic lamellae, obliquely bevelled so as to b pointed, and placed transversely to the longer axis of the mouth.
The upright old gentleman grew more upright when he met his son, buckrammed with immortal anger; he asked after Dick's health, and discussed the weather and the crops with an appalling courtesy; his pronunciation was point-de-vice, his voice was distant, distinct, and sometimes almost trembling with suppressed indignation.
The upshot of it was that all the definite claims of the people had to be granted.
The vague and in some respects false analogies, as they hav been shown to be by Mr. Chauncey Wright, which have been advanced in favou of this view, such as the sudden crystallisation of inorganic substances or the falling of a facetted spheroid from one facet to another, hardl deserve consideration.
The value indeed of an aggregate of characters is very eviden in natural history.
The value of a man like Henry, on such an occasion, is what you can have no conception of; so you must take it upon my word to be inestimable.
The value of an event on a wet day in the country was most forcibly brought before her.
The variability, however, in the successive generations o mongrels is, perhaps, greater than in hybrids.
The variations are supposed to be extremely slight, but of the mos diversified nature; they are not supposed all to appear simultaneously, bu often after long intervals of time; nor are they all supposed to endure fo equal periods.
The varieties, or incipient species, thus produced, ultimately becom converted into new and distinct species; and these, on the principle o inheritance, tend to produce other new and dominant species.
The variety of interesting and useful, if not always important subjects included within the range of meteorology, is not perhaps sufficiently realized in the minds of active participators in the world's stirring work.
The various beings thus left stranded may b compared with savage races of man, driven up and surviving in the mountai fastnesses of almost every land, which serves as a record, full of interes to us, of the former inhabitants of the surrounding lowlands.
The various degrees of difference between the languages o the same stock would have to be expressed by groups subordinate to groups but the proper or even the only possible arrangement would still b genealogical; and this would be strictly natural, as it would connec together all languages, extinct and recent, by the closest affinities, an would give the filiation and origin of each tongue.
The veering of the winds is a direct consequence of the earth' rotation, while currents of air from the polar regions are alternating or contending with others from the equator.
The vernier of a barometer reading to thousandths of an inch, is on  similar principle, though differently divided.
The vernier should be brought down to the bottom of the scale.
The vernier, as usual in standard barometers, reads to the two thousandth part of an inch.
The very gold and silver fish, set forth among these choice fruits in a bowl, though members of a dull and stagnant-blooded race, appeared to know that there was something going on; and, to a fish, went gasping round and round their little world in slow and passionless excitement.
The very gown you have been taking notice of is your own generous present to her when dear Mrs. Rushworth married.
The very idea of her having been suffered to grow up at a distance from us all in poverty and neglect, would be enough to make either of the dear, sweet-tempered boys in love with her.
The vibracula may have been directly developed fro the lips of the cells, without having passed through the avicularian stage but it seems more probable that they have passed through this stage, a during the early stages of the transformation, the other parts of the cell with the included zooid, could hardly have disappeared at once.
The vicissitudes of the human mind had not yet been exhausted by her.
The victory of the people was celebrated by huge meetings held in the parks and elsewhere, in memory of the victims of the great massacre.
The view commonly entertained by naturalists is that species, whe intercrossed, have been specially endowed with sterility, in order t prevent their confusion.
The village road ended in the shallow of the aforesaid backwater.
The wages which God gets, as people might have said time agone.
The walls and ceiling were so hung with living green, that it looked a perfect grove; from every part of which, bright gleaming berries glistened.
The want of common discretion, of caution: his going down to Richmond for the whole time of her being at Twickenham; her putting herself in the power of a servant; it was the detection, in short - oh, Fanny! it was the detection, not the offence, which she reprobated.
The war is perhaps, severest between the males of polygamous animals, and these see oftenest provided with special weapons.
The water-hen and landrail are members of this order, ye the first is nearly as aquatic as the coot, and the second is nearly a terrestrial as the quail or partridge.
The water-plug being left in solitude, its overflowings sullenly congealed, and turned to misanthropic ice.
The way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage on the credulity of human nature.
The ways were foul and narrow; the shops and houses wretched; the people half-naked, drunken, slipshod, ugly.
The weather had been cold and boisterous and therefor not favourable to bees, nevertheless every female flower which I examine had been effectually fertilised by the bees, which had flown from tree t tree in search of nectar.
The webbed feet of the upland goose may be said to have becom almost rudimentary in function, though not in structure.
The week which passed so quietly and peaceably at the great house in Mansfield had a very different character at the Parsonage.
The weight of a column of air, which in a common barometer acts on the mercury, in the aneroid presses on a small circular metal box, from which nearly all air is extracted; and to this box is connected, by nice mechanical arrangement, the hand visible over the face of the instrument.
The well-meaning part of the public was overjoyed, and thought that all danger of a civil war was over.
The were in countless numbers, as thick as the flakes of snow in the heavies snowstorm, and extended upward as far as could be seen with a telescope.
The wheel barometer has a syphon tube, partly filled with mercury, of which, at the short or open end of the tube, a float moves, to which  line is attached that moves a wheel, carrying an index.
The whole community, in fact, was cast into the jaws of this ravening monster, 'the cheap production' forced upon it by the World-Market.
The whole country was thrown into a ferment by this; meetings were held which attempted some rough organisation for the holding of another meeting to retort on the authorities.
The whole party rose accordingly, and under Mrs. Rushworth's guidance were shewn through a number of rooms, all lofty, and many large, and amply furnished in the taste of fifty years back, with shining floors, solid mahogany, rich damask, marble, gilding, and carving, each handsome in its way.
The whole story of the past night sprang into his mind with every detail, as by an exercise of the direct and speedy sense of sight, and he arose from the ditch and, with rueful courage, went to meet his love.
The whole subject is included unde the general term of Morphology.
The whole subject of it was love -  a marriage of love was to be described by the gentleman, and very little short of a declaration of love be made by the lady.
The whole surface of the land is exposed to th chemical action of the air and of the rainwater, with its dissolve carbonic acid, and in colder countries to frost; the disintegrated matte is carried down even gentle slopes during heavy rain, and to a greate extent than might be supposed, especially in arid districts, by the wind it is then transported by the streams and rivers, which, when rapid deepe their channels, and triturate the fragments.
The whole theory of their so-called education was that it was necessary to shove a little information into a child, even if it were by means of torture, and accompanied by twaddle which it was well known was of no use, or else he would lack information lifelong: the hurry of poverty forbade anything else.
The wide differences of the fish on th opposite sides of most mountain-ranges, which are continuous an consequently must, from an early period, have completely prevented th inosculation of the river systems on the two sides, leads to the sam conclusion.
The wind will be from the Northward if the thermometer is low (for the season) - from the Southward if the thermometer is high.
The wind, which had lately turned a point or two north of west, had blown the sky clear of all cloud save a light fleck or two which went swiftly down the heavens.
The wine was of the best; the hall was redolent of rich summer flowers; and after supper we not only had music (Annie, to my mind, surpassing all the others for sweetness and clearness of voice, as well as for feeling and meaning), but at last we even got to telling stories, and sat there listening, with no other light but that of the summer moon streaming through the beautiful traceries of the windows, as if we had belonged to time long passed, when books were scarce and the art of reading somewhat rare.
The wing of the penguin is of hig service, acting as a fin; it may, therefore, represent the nascent state o the wing:  not that I believe this to be the case; it is more probably  reduced organ, modified for a new function:  the wing of the Apteryx, o the other hand, is quite useless, and is truly rudimentary.
The wings have two black bars.
The winter came and passed without their being called for; the accounts continued perfectly good; and Mrs. Norris, in promoting gaieties for her nieces, assisting their toilets, displaying their accomplishments, and looking about for their future husbands, had so much to do as, in addition to all her own household cares, some interference in those of her sister, and Mrs. Grant's wasteful doings to overlook, left her very little occasion to be occupied in fears for the absent.
The woman who could speak of him, and speak only of his appearance! What an unworthy attachment! To be deriving support from the commendations of Mrs. Fraser! She who had known him intimately half a year! Fanny was ashamed of her.
The women do what they can do best, and what they like best, and the men are neither jealous of it or injured by it.
The wonder is that it should not have been thought of before.
The wonder, indeed, is, on th theory of natural selection, that more cases of the want of absolut perfection have not been detected.
The wonderful improvement which she still fancied in Mr. Crawford was the nearest to administering comfort of anything within the current of her thoughts.
The words on scales of barometers should not be so much regarded for weather indications, as the rising or falling of the mercury; for, if it stand at Changeable, and then rise towards Fair, it presages change of wind or weather, though not so great, as if the mercury had risen higher; and, on the contrary, if the mercury stand above fair and then fall, it presages a change, though not to so great a degree as if it had stood lower: besides which, the direction, and force of wind are not in any way noticed.
The words were no sooner out of my mouth than I saw that I had made another mistake; and I felt really annoyed with myself, as I did not want to go into a long explanation just then, or begin another series of Odyssean lies.
The work of construction seems to be a sort of balanc struck between many bees, all instinctively standing at the same relativ distance from each other, all trying to sweep equal spheres, and the building up, or leaving ungnawed, the planes of intersection between thes spheres.
The work, from its powerful and brilliant style, though displaying in th early editions little accurate knowledge and a great want of scientifi caution, immediately had a very wide circulation.
The workers forced their masters to grant them ameliorations, real or imaginary, of their condition, but could not force freedom from them.
The workmen had now a regular organization in the struggle against their masters, a struggle which for more than half a century had been accepted as an inevitable part of the conditions of the modern system of labour and production.
The workmen's committees were extended, and gave relief to great numbers of people, for they had organised a considerable amount of production of food by men whom they could depend upon.
The works of Humboldt, Herschel, Dove, Sabine, Reid, Redfield, Espy, an others, are appealed to in confirmation of this statement.
The yard was so dark that even Scrooge, who knew its every stone, was fain to grope with his hands.
The young moon with the old moon in her arms (Burns, Herschel and others) is a sign of bad weather in the temperate zones or middle latitudes, because probably the air is then exceedingly clear and transparent.
The young people had been very inconsiderate in forming the plan; they ought to have been capable of a better decision themselves; but they were young; and, excepting Edmund, he believed, of unsteady characters; and with greater surprise, therefore, he must regard her acquiescence in their wrong measures, her countenance of their unsafe amusements, than that such measures and such amusements should have been suggested.
The young people were all at home, and sustained their share in the introduction very well, with much good humour, and no embarrassment, at least on the part of the sons, who, at seventeen and sixteen, and tall of their age, had all the grandeur of men in the eyes of their little cousin.
The young people were pleased with each other from the first.
The zero of the scale should be level with the surface of distilled water, and rise above it in proportion as increase of density cause less displacement.
Thei dispersal may, however, be mainly attributed to changes in the level of th land within the recent period, causing rivers to flow into each other.
Thei distribution at first perplexed me much, as their ova are not likely to b transported by birds; and the ova, as well as the adults, are immediatel killed by sea-water.
Thei mutual relations will thus have been in some degree disturbed; consequentl they will have been liable to modification; and they have been modified for if we compare the present Alpine plants and animals of the severa great European mountain ranges, one with another, though many of th species remain identically the same, some exist as varieties, some a doubtful forms or sub-species and some as distinct yet closely allie species representing each other on the several ranges.
Their being so new and so recent was all in their disfavour; that you could tolerate nothing that you were not used to; and a great deal more to the same purpose, to give them a knowledge of your character.
Their chief delight was in astronomy; philosophers passed their days in the contemplation of the heavenly bodies, society pleased itself in the discussion of competing theories.
Their concurrence, when the new one advances from polar regions does not depress the barometer, except in oscillations of the mercury which are very remarkable at some such times.
Their conversations, however, were not always on subjects so high as history or morals.
Their counsels became wild and vacillating to the last degree: one hour they were for giving way for the present till they could hatch another plot; the next they all but sent an order for the arrest in the lump of all the workmen's committees; the next they were on the point of ordering their brisk young general to take any excuse that offered for another massacre.
Their departure made another material change at Mansfield, a chasm which required some time to fill up.
Their eager affection in meeting, their exquisite delight in being together, their hours of happy mirth, and moments of serious conference, may be imagined; as well as the sanguine views and spirits of the boy even to the last, and the misery of the girl when he left her.
Their father is a clergyman, and their brother is a clergyman, and they are all clergymen together.
Their father was no object of love to them; he had never seemed the friend of their pleasures, and his absence was unhappily most welcome.
Their formation may be attribute in part to distinct organisms, or to distinct parts of the same organism having varied in an analogous manner; and in part to similar modifications having been preserved for the same general purpose or function, of whic many instances have been given.
Their general fare bore a very different character; and could he have suspected how many privations, besides that of exercise, she endured in her father's house, he would have wondered that her looks were not much more affected than he found them.
Their geometrical ratio of increase the result of which never fails to be surprising, simply explains thei extraordinarily rapid increase and wide diffusion in their new homes.
Their homes were so distant, and the circles in which they moved so distinct, as almost to preclude the means of ever hearing of each other's existence during the eleven following years, or, at least, to make it very wonderful to Sir Thomas that Mrs. Norris should ever have it in her power to tell them, as she now and then did, in an angry voice, that Fanny had got another child.
Their modifie descendants, fourteen in number at the fourteen-thousandth generation, wil probably have inherited some of the same advantages:  they have also bee modified and improved in a diversified manner at each stage of descent, s as to have become adapted to many related places in the natural economy o their country.
Their mother had no objection to the plan, and they were not in the least afraid of their father's disapprobation.
Their own inclinations ascertained, there were no difficulties behind, no drawback of poverty or parent.
Their rank, fortune, rights, and expectations will always be different.
Their remoteness and unpunctuality, or their exorbitant charges and frauds, will be drawing forth bitter lamentations.
Their road was through a pleasant country; and Fanny, whose rides had never been extensive, was soon beyond her knowledge, and was very happy in observing all that was new, and admiring all that was pretty.
Their sister soon despaired of making the smallest impression on them; they were quite untameable by any means of address which she had spirits or time to attempt.
Their spirits were in general exhausted; and to determine whether the day had afforded most pleasure or pain, might occupy the meditations of almost all.
Their substance was great anger at the folly of each.
Their suburbs, indeed, when they had any, have melted away into the general country, and space and elbow-room has been got in their centres: but there are the towns still with their streets and squares and market-places; so that it is by means of these smaller towns that we of to-day can get some kind of idea of what the towns of the older world were like; - I mean to say at their best.
Their suspense lasted an hour or two.
Their vanity was in such good order that they seemed to be quite free from it, and gave themselves no airs; while the praises attending such behaviour, secured and brought round by their aunt, served to strengthen them in believing they had no faults.
Their whol frames, and even their mental characteristics, have been modified; but i we could trace each step in the history of their transformation - and th latter steps can be traced - we should not see great and simultaneou changes, but first one part and then another slightly modified an improved.
Then Dick pushed off into the stream, and bent vigorously to his sculls, and Hammersmith, with its noble trees and beautiful water-side houses, began to slip away from us.
Then I shook hands again, and we went out of the hall and into the cloisters, and so in the street found Greylocks in the shafts waiting for us.
Then I went back again to the boat, and loitered there a minute or two, and then walked slowly up the meadow towards the little house.
Then a letter which she had been previously preparing for Fanny was finished in a different style, in the language of real feeling and alarm; then she wrote as she might have spoken.
Then any of those who could see what was going on, knew at once that they were in a trap, and could only wonder what would be done with them.
Then besides the weaving, I do a little with machine printing and composing, though I am little use at the finer kinds of printing; and moreover machine printing is beginning to die out, along with the waning of the plague of book-making, so I have had to turn to other things that I have a taste for, and have taken to mathematics; and also I am writing a sort of antiquarian book about the peaceable and private history, so to say, of the end of the nineteenth century, - more for the sake of giving a picture of the country before the fighting began than for anything else.
Then he held her at arm's-length, and they looked straight into each other's eyes.
Then he turned to his house door and let himself in; and even as he shut the door to, disappeared all remembrance of that brilliant logic and foresight which had so illuminated the recent discussion; and of the discussion itself there remained no trace, save a vague hope, that was now become a pleasure, for days of peace and rest, and cleanness and smiling goodwill.
Then in the wheat harvest we shall do a good stroke of work, I should hope, - in Wiltshire by preference; for he will be getting a little hard with all the open-air living, and I shall be as tough as nails.
Then it seemed to him as if it must be now, or never.
Then old Fezziwig stood out to dance with Mrs. Fezziwig.
Then seating herself with a gentleman on each side, she resumed the conversation which had engaged them before, and discussed the possibility of improvements with much animation.
Then she began to blame herself.
Then she began to drag him, in her childish eagerness, towards the door; and he, nothing loth to go, accompanied her.
Then she came to me, as she was in the habit of bringing her troubles to the old carle, and asked me how Dick was, and whether he was happy, and all the rest of it.
Then she could gradually rise up to the genuine satisfaction of having a partner, a voluntary partner, secured against the dancing began.
Then she was gone down the hillside at a run; and Dick stood by himself in a state of some bewilderment and even distress.
Then she was shrinking again into herself, and blushing and working as hard as ever; but it had been enough to give Edmund encouragement for his friend, and as he cordially thanked him, he hoped to be expressing Fanny's secret feelings too.
Then she will be in beauty, for she will open one of the best houses in Wimpole Street.
Then some bold, unprincipled, ignorant adventurer was found (no difficult task in the days of competition), and he was bribed to 'create a market' by breaking up whatever traditional society there might be in the doomed country, and by destroying whatever leisure or pleasure he found there.
Then the bridge! I had perhaps dreamed of such a bridge, but never seen such an one out of an illuminated manuscript; for not even the Ponte Vecchio at Florence came anywhere near it.
Then the painter wakened in Van Tromp.
Then the stream - something must be done with the stream; but I could not quite determine what.
Then there was no room left for doubt, and Dick saw, as clear as sunlight, that she had a distaste or nourished a grudge against him.
Then, as though this was the end of what she could endure in the way of joy, Esther turned and ran out of the room.
Then, being made bold by her violence, he took her firmly, almost roughly, by the arm, and held her while he spoke.
Then, from the many sligh successive variations having supervened in the several species at a no early age, and having been inherited at a corresponding age, the young wil have been but little modified, and they will still resemble each other muc more closely than do the adults, just as we have seen with the breeds o the pigeon.
Then, however, it all came on again, or something very like it, and nothing less than Lady Bertram's rousing thoroughly up could really close such a conversation.
Then, in two steps, he was by her side and speaking almost with a sob.
Then, of course, there is the ornament, which, as we must all allow, may easily be overdone in mere living houses, but can hardly be in mote-halls and markets, and so forth.
Ther are, it must be admitted, cases of special difficulty opposed to the theor of natural selection; and one of the most curious of these is the existence in the same community of two or three defined castes of workers or steril female ants; but I have attempted to show how these difficulties can b mastered.
Ther can, however, be little doubt about many slight changes, such as size fro the amount of food, colour from the nature of the food, thickness of th skin and hair from climate, etc.
There - very good school-room chairs, not made for a theatre, I dare say; much more fitted for little girls to sit and kick their feet against when they are learning a lesson.
There Dick's old nurse shrunk up to him, for the news went like wildfire over Naseby House, and timidly expressed a hope that there was nothing much amiss with the young master.
There I build my confidence.
There I stood in a dreamy mood, and rubbed my eyes as if I were not wholly awake, and half expected to see the gay-clad company of beautiful men and women change to two or three spindle-legged back-bowed men and haggard, hollow-eyed, ill-favoured women, who once wore down the soil of this land with their heavy hopeless feet, from day to day, and season to season, and year to year.
There Miss Lee had lived, and there they had read and written, and talked and laughed, till within the last three years, when she had quitted them.
There a fresh blow awaited the Government; for in spite of the judge's charge, which distinctly instructed the jury to find the prisoners guilty, they were acquitted, and the jury added to their verdict a presentment, in which they condemned the action of the soldiery, in the queer phraseology of the day, as 'rash, unfortunate, and unnecessary.' The Committee of Public Safety renewed its sittings, and from thenceforth was a popular rallying-point in opposition to the Parliament.
There all the children of the house were running out into the snow to meet their married sisters, brothers, cousins, uncles, aunts, and be the first to greet them.
There are beetles belonging to closely allied species, or even t the same identical species, which have either full-sized and perfect wings or mere rudiments of membrane, which not rarely lie under wing-cover firmly soldered together; and in these cases it is impossible to doubt that the rudiments represent wings.
There are but three seams; you may do them in a trice.
There are certain hybrids which, instead o having, as is usual, an intermediate character between their two parents always closely resemble one of them; and such hybrids, though externally s like one of their pure parent-species, are with rare exceptions extremel sterile.
There are crustaceans at the opposite ends of the series which have hardly a character in common; yet the species at both ends, fro being plainly allied to others, and these to others, and so onwards, can b recognised as unequivocally belonging to this, and to no other class of th Articulata.
There are man cases, in which two pure species, as in the genus Verbascum, can be unite with unusual facility, and produce numerous hybrid offspring, yet thes hybrids are remarkably sterile.
There are other relations between the species of large genera and thei recorded varieties which deserve notice.
There are other signs of a coming change in the weather known less generally than may be desirable; and, therefore worth notice here.
There are other species of geese, as I hear from Mr. Bartlett, in which th lamellae are less developed than in the common goose.
There are other species, as  hear from Mr. Salvin, in which the lamellae are considerably less develope than in the common duck; but I do not know whether they use their beaks fo sifting the water.
There are parts of these islands which are rougher and rainier than we are here, and there people are rougher in their dress; and they themselves are tougher and more hard-bitten than we are to look at.
There are thre great series of strata beneath the Silurian system in Canada, in the lowes of which the Eozoon is found.
There are twenty-six land birds.
There are, also, cases of dimorphism and trimorphism, bot with animals and plants.
There are, however, some who still thin that species have suddenly given birth, through quite unexplained means, t new and totally different forms.
There ca also be little doubt that the tendency to vary in the same manner has ofte been so strong that all the individuals of the same species have bee similarly modified without the aid of any form of selection.
There came a little sound in Esther's throat, and she put her hand suddenly to her heart.
There can be no comparison as to one's view of the country.
There can hardly be a more unpleasant sensation than the having anything returned on our hands which we have given with a reasonable hope of its contributing to the comfort of a friend.
There could be no doubt of his obtaining leave of absence immediately, for he was still only a midshipman; and as his parents, from living on the spot, must already have seen him, and be seeing him perhaps daily, his direct holidays might with justice be instantly given to the sister, who had been his best correspondent through a period of seven years, and the uncle who had done most for his support and advancement; and accordingly the reply to her reply, fixing a very early day for his arrival, came as soon as possible; and scarcely ten days had passed since Fanny had been in the agitation of her first dinner-visit, when she found herself in an agitation of a higher nature, watching in the hall, in the lobby, on the stairs, for the first sound of the carriage which was to bring her a brother.
There could be no harm in what had been done in so many respectable families, and by so many women of the first consideration; and it must be scrupulousness run mad that could see anything to censure in a plan like theirs, comprehending only brothers and sisters and intimate friends, and which would never be heard of beyond themselves.
There had been at one moment a slight murmur in the drawing-room at Mansfield Park about sending her a prayer-book; but no second sound had been heard of such a purpose.
There had been no free conversation, no walk on the ramparts, no visit to the dockyard, no acquaintance with the Thrush, nothing of all that they had planned and depended on.
There had been something remarkably amiable about her.
There had remained only a general impression of roughness and loudness; and now he scarcely ever noticed her, but to make her the object of a coarse joke.
There had, in fact, been so much of message, of allusion, of recollection, so much of Mansfield in every letter, that Fanny could not but suppose it meant for him to hear; and to find herself forced into a purpose of that kind, compelled into a correspondence which was bringing her the addresses of the man she did not love, and obliging her to administer to the adverse passion of the man she did, was cruelly mortifying.
There has been much less extinction of the forms of life whic once connected fishes with Batrachians.
There has been still less withi some whole classes, for instance the Crustacea, for here the mos wonderfully diverse forms are still linked together by a long and onl partially broken chain of affinities.
There he is.
There he might be seen jotting off a sketch with an air of some inspiration; and he was always affable, and one of the easiest of men to fall in talk withal.
There i hardly a climate or condition in the Old World which cannot be parallele in the New - at least so closely as the same species generally require.
There is a beauty in every family; it is a regular thing.
There is a peculiar aspect of the clouds before an during westerly winds which differs from that which they hav previous to and during easterly winds, which is one only of the man curious facts connected with the differing natures of easterly an westerly currents of air throughout the world, which remain unchanged, whether they blow from sea to land, or the reverse.
There is a place called Canning's Town, and further out, Silvertown, where the pleasant meadows are at their pleasantest: doubtless they were once slums, and wretched enough.
There is a spirit of adventure in them, and signs of a capacity to extract good out of evil which our literature quite lacks now; and I cannot help thinking that our moralists and historians exaggerate hugely the unhappiness of the past days, in which such splendid works of imagination and intellect were produced.
There is a spirit of irritation which, to say nothing worse, is certainly very ill-bred.
There is a vast deal of difference in memories, as well as in everything else, and therefore you must make allowance for your cousin, and pity her deficiency.
There is a very charming girl here whom we all like, and whom some of us do more than like; and she very naturally liked one of us better than anybody else.
There is a very good living kept for you, I understand, hereabouts.
There is all the new calico, that was bought last week, not touched yet.
There is also reason to believe, fro geological evidence, that within each great class the lower organism change at a slower rate than the higher; consequently they will have had  better chance of ranging widely and of still retaining the same specifi character.
There is another and allied difficulty, which is much more serious.
There is another and curious class of cases in which close externa resemblance does not depend on adaptation to similar habits of life, bu has been gained for the sake of protection.
There is another and equally curious branch of our subject; namely, seria homologies, or the comparison of the different parts or organs in the sam individual, and not of the same parts or organs in different members of th same class.
There is comfort, however, even here.
There is grandeur in this view o life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed by th Creator into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gon circling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple  beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, an are being evolved.
There is hope yet, Caroline.
There is muc difficulty in ascertaining how largely our domestic productions have bee modified; but we may safely infer that the amount has been large, and tha modifications can be inherited for long periods.
There is much force in the above objection.
There is no appearance of unhappiness.
There is no difficulty in finding work which suits the special turn of mind of everybody; so that no man is sacrificed to the wants of another.
There is no difficulty in using it sufficiently to know that danger is coming on; and if danger is coming on, a man refrains, of course, from exposing himself to it; the quarter from which the wind comes being of minor consequence.
There is no doubt that Marley was dead.
There is no doubt whatever about that.
There is no end of the evil let loose upon us.
There is no evidence, as was remarked in the last chapter, of the existenc of any law of necessary development.
There is no exception to the rule that every organic being naturall increases at so high a rate, that, if not destroyed, the earth would soo be covered by the progeny of a single pair.
There is no greate difficulty in understanding how young mammals have instinctively learned t suck the breast, than in understanding how unhatched chickens have learne to break the egg-shell by tapping against it with their specially adapte beaks; or how a few hours after leaving the shell they have learned to pic up grains of food.
There is no more difficulty in understanding how the branche spines of some ancient Echinoderm, which served as a defence, becam developed through natural selection into tridactyle pedicellariae, than i understanding the development of the pincers of crustaceans, throug slight, serviceable modifications in the ultimate and penultimate segment of a limb, which was at first used solely for locomotion.
There is no more reason t think that species have been specially endowed with various degrees o sterility to prevent their crossing and blending in nature, than to thin that trees have been specially endowed with various and somewhat analogou degrees of difficulty in being grafted together in order to prevent thei inarching in our forests.
There is no need at present to go into the details of the truce (for such it was) between these high contracting parties, the Government of the empire of Great Britain and a handful of working-men (as they were called in scorn in those days), amongst whom, indeed, were some very capable and 'square-headed' persons, though, as aforesaid, the abler men were not then the recognised leaders.
There is no occasion for spreading the disappointment; say nothing about it yourself.
There is no occasion to put them so very close together.
There is no reason in the world why you should not be important where you are known.
There is no reason why the principles which have acted so efficiently unde domestication should not have acted under nature.
There is no science in the personal study of human nature.
There is no use in these tears; they can do no good.
There is not a better girl in the world, and you do not want for fortune; and as to her connexions, they are more than good.
There is not a shadow of wavering.
There is not a suspicion existing i the mind of any one at all acquainted with the subject that the owner o either of them has deviated in any one instance from the pure blood of Mr. Bakewell's flock, and yet the difference between the sheep possessed b these two gentlemen is so great that they have the appearance of bein quite different varieties.
There is nothing awful here, nothing melancholy, nothing grand.
There is nothing like employment, active indispensable employment, for relieving sorrow.
There is nothing more to be said or done.
There is nothing of tragedy about her.
There is nothing so likely to give it as standing and stooping in a hot sun; but I dare say it will be well to-morrow.
There is nothing very striking in Mr. Rushworth's manners, but I was pleased last night with what appeared to be his opinion on one subject: his decided preference of a quiet family party to the bustle and confusion of acting.
There is now a spirit of improvement abroad; but among those who were ordained twenty, thirty, forty years ago, the larger number, to judge by their performance, must have thought reading was reading, and preaching was preaching.
There is often the widest possible difference in the facility o making reciprocal crosses.
There is one other point which is worth notice.
There is one other remark connected with this subject worth making.
There is one person in company who does not like to have Miss Price spoken of.
There is reason t believe that in the course of time the effects have been greater than ca be proved by clear evidence.
There is reason to believe that King Charles' spaniel has bee unconsciously modified to a large extent since the time of that monarch.
There is reason to believe that th extinction of a whole group of species is generally a slower process tha their production:  if their appearance and disappearance be represented, a before, by a vertical line of varying thickness the line is found to tape more gradually at its upper end, which marks the progress of extermination than at its lower end, which marks the first appearance and the earl increase in number of the species.
There is some reaso to believe that organisms high in the scale, change more quickly than thos that are low:  though there are exceptions to this rule.
There is something in the eloquence of the pulpit, when it is really eloquence, which is entitled to the highest praise and honour.
There is something in the sound of Mr. Edmund Bertram so formal, so pitiful, so younger-brother-like, that I detest it.
There is something like it in the poets.
There is something soothing in the idea that we have the same friend, and that whatever unhappy differences of opinion may exist between us, we are united in our love of you.
There is the parsonage: a tidy-looking house, and I understand the clergyman and his wife are very decent people.
There is, also some probability in the view propounded by Andrew Knight, that thi variability may be partly connected with excess of food.
There is, however, some difficulty on this head, for it i necessary to suppose in some cases that ancient members belonging t several distinct groups, before they had diverged to their present extent accidentally resembled a member of another and protected group in  sufficient degree to afford some slight protection, this having given th basis for the subsequent acquisition of the most perfect resemblance.
There is, therefore nothing improbable in supposing that some early Cetacean form was provide with similar points of horn on the palate, but rather more regularl placed, and which, like the knobs on the beak of the goose, aided it i seizing or tearing its food.
There it stood, years afterwards, above the warehouse door: Scrooge and Marley.
There lies the door.
There may be heavy rains or violent winds beyond the horizon, out of view of an observer, by which his instruments may be affected considerably, though no particular change of weather occurs in his immediate locality.
There may be novelties to you in that subject also.
There may be some old woman at Thornton Lacey to be converted.
There may truly be said to be  constant struggle going on between, on the one hand, the tendency t reversion to a less perfect state, as well as an innate tendency to ne variations, and, on the other hand, the power of steady selection to kee the breed true.
There might have been twenty people there, young and old, but they all played, and so did Scrooge; for wholly forgetting the interest he had in what was going on, that his voice made no sound in their ears, he sometimes came out with his guess quite loud, and very often guessed quite right, too; for the sharpest needle, best Whitechapel, warranted not to cut in the eye, was not sharper than Scrooge; blunt as he took it in his head to be.
There must be a sort of shyness; but I cannot recollect that our evenings formerly were ever merry, except when my uncle was in town.
There must be some efficient cause for each slight individua difference, as well as for more strongly marked variations whic occasionally arise; and if the unknown cause were to act persistently, i is almost certain that all the individuals of the species would b similarly modified.
There must sometimes be a physical impossibility in the mal element reaching the ovule, as would be the case with a plant having  pistil too long for the pollen-tubes to reach the ovarium.
There never were two people more dissimilar.
There remains, however, this difficulty.
There seemed a general diffusion of cheerfulness on the occasion.
There seems something more speakingly incomprehensible in the powers, the failures, the inequalities of memory, than in any other of our intelligences.
There she cannot be justified.
There she drank greedily in her hands and washed her temples with water.
There she spoke very rationally.
There she was impregnable.
There should always be one steady head to superintend so many young ones.
There they both sat silent, but holding hands, for nearly half an hour.
There used to be a rather plain timber bridge before then.
There was a baby born to be a brother to the child; and while he was so little that he never yet had spoken word, he stretched his tiny form out on his bed, and died.
There was a boy singing a Christmas Carol at my door last night.
There was a chair set close beside the child, and there were signs of some one having been there, lately.
There was a charm, perhaps, in his sincerity, his steadiness, his integrity, which Miss Crawford might be equal to feel, though not equal to discuss with herself.
There was a contained, prophetic energy in his utterances, even on the slightest affairs; he saw the damned thing; if you did not, it must be from perversity of will; and this sent the blood to his head.
There was a continuous garden in front of them, going down to the water's edge, in which the flowers were now blooming luxuriantly, and sending delicious waves of summer scent over the eddying stream.
There was a general cry out at this.
There was a pause.
There was a remarkable expression in it now; a kind of serious delight of which he felt ashamed, and which he struggled to repress.
There was a rich amends, however, preparing for her.
There was a silence for a while.
There was a young moon halfway up the sky, and as the home-farer caught sight of it, tangled in the branches of a tall old elm, he could scarce bring to his mind the shabby London suburb where he was, and he felt as if he were in a pleasant country place - pleasanter, indeed, than the deep country was as he had known it.
There was an eager, greedy, restless motion in the eye, which showed the passion that had taken root, and where the shadow of the growing tree would fall.
There was an earthy savour in the air, a chilly bareness in the place, which associated itself somehow with too much getting up by candle-light, and not too much to eat.
There was another family living actually held for Edmund; but though this circumstance had made the arrangement somewhat easier to Sir Thomas's conscience, he could not but feel it to be an act of injustice, and he earnestly tried to impress his eldest son with the same conviction, in the hope of its producing a better effect than anything he had yet been able to say or do.
There was at first a talk of trying them by a special commission of judges, as it was called - i.e., before a set of men bound to find them guilty, and whose business it was to do so.
There was but one of his children who was not at this time a source of misery to him.
There was comfort also in Tom, who gradually regained his health, without regaining the thoughtlessness and selfishness of his previous habits.
There was employment, hope, solicitude, bustle, for every hour of the day.
There was even pleasure with the surprise.
There was everything in the world against their being serious but his words and manner.
There was great food for meditation in this letter, and chiefly for unpleasant meditation; and yet, with all the uneasiness it supplied, it connected her with the absent, it told her of people and things about whom she had never felt so much curiosity as now, and she would have been glad to have been sure of such a letter every week.
There was hardly any one in the house who might not have described, from personal observation, better than herself; not one who was not more useful at times to her son.
There was little intercourse with the Parsonage.
There was little time, however, for the indulgence of any images of merriment.
There was marked coolness on her side.
There was neither health nor gaiety in sunshine in a town.
There was never much laughing in his presence; or, if there is any difference, it is not more, I think, than such an absence has a tendency to produce at first.
There was no doubt about that.
There was no doubt about the latter assertion, I thought, as I looked up at the overhanging boughs of the great trees, with the sun coming glittering through the leaves, and listened to the song of the summer blackbirds as it mingled with the sound of the backwater near us.
There was no garden between it and the river, nothing but a row of pear-trees still quite young and slender; and though there did not seem to be much ornament about it, it had a sort of natural elegance, like that of the trees themselves.
There was no gratitude for affection past or present to make her better bear with its excesses to the others.
There was no longer anything to disturb them in their darling project, and they congratulated each other in private on the jealous weakness to which they attributed the change, with all the glee of feelings gratified in every way.
There was no modern architectural decoration in it; it looked, indeed, as if none had been attempted since the Puritans whitewashed the mediaeval saints and histories on the wall.
There was no natural disinclination to be overcome, and I see no reason why a man should make a worse clergyman for knowing that he will have a competence early in life.
There was no occasion, there was no time for Fanny to say how very differently she felt; but the idea of having such another to observe her was a great increase of the trepidation with which she performed the very awful ceremony of walking into the drawing-room.
There was no positive ill-nature in Maria or Julia; and though Fanny was often mortified by their treatment of her, she thought too lowly of her own claims to feel injured by it.
There was no possibility of rest.
There was no question as to the facts; they were one and all against the squire.
There was no recovering the complexion from the moment that I spoke of 'Fanny,' and spoke of her as a sister should.
There was no resisting so much apparent affection.
There was no second letter to explain away the first from Miss Crawford; there was no intelligence from Mansfield, though it was now full time for her to hear again from her aunt.
There was no sign of displeasure, or even of hearing her.
There was no tone in her voice, and she did not return his gaze.
There was no want of respect in the young man's address; and Fanny's reception of it was so proper and modest, so calm and uninviting, that he had nothing to censure in her.
There was not only the debility of recent illness to assist: there was also, as she now learnt, nerves much affected, spirits much depressed to calm and raise, and her own imagination added that there must be a mind to be properly guided.
There was nothing disagreeable in Mr. Rushworth's appearance, and Sir Thomas was liking him already.
There was nothing of high mark in this.
There was nothing to be done, however, but to submit quietly and hope the best.
There was nothing to raise her spirits in the confined and scantily furnished chamber that she was to share with Susan.
There was nothing very cheerful in the climate or the town, and yet was there an air of cheerfulness abroad that the clearest summer air and brightest summer sun might have endeavoured to diffuse in vain.
There was once a child, and he strolled about a good deal, and thought of a number of things.
There was one clear shining star that used to come out in the sky before the rest, near the church spire, above the graves.
There was one person, however, in the house, whom he could not leave to learn his sentiments merely through his conduct.
There was plenty of width for that, and room to spare; which is perhaps the reason why Scrooge thought he saw a locomotive hearse going on before him in the gloom.
There was silence after this outburst, which for the life of me I could not help, remembering how I had suffered from cockneyism and its cause on those same waters of old time.
There was something very awful, too, in the spectre's being provided with an infernal atmosphere of its own.
There was still a chink of light above the sill, a warm, mild glow behind the window; the roof of the cottage and some of the banks and hazels were defined in denser darkness against the sky; but all else was formless, breathless, and noiseless like the pit.
There was such an interest, such an animation, such a spirit diffused.
There was wretchedness in the idea of its being serious; there was perplexity and agitation every way.
There was, indeed, so deep a blush over Fanny's face at that moment as might warrant strong suspicion in a predisposed mind.
There was, of course, a vast number of working people who were not organised in the least in the world; men who had been used to act as their masters drove them, or rather as the system drove, of which their masters were a part.
There we had a delightful swim in the broad piece of water above the lock, where the river looked much bigger than its natural size from its being dammed up by the weir.
There we went, and there we came home again; and what was done there is not to be told! Fanny's eyes were turned on Crawford for a moment with an expression more than grave - even reproachful; but on catching his, were instantly withdrawn.
There were Cains and Abels, Pharaoh's daughters; Queens of Sheba, Angelic messengers descending through the air on clouds like feather-beds, Abrahams, Belshazzars, Apostles putting off to sea in butter-boats, hundreds of figures to attract his thoughts - and yet that face of Marley, seven years dead, came like the ancient Prophet's rod, and swallowed up the whole.
There were about a dozen of them, strong young men, looking much like a boating party at Oxford would have looked in the days I remembered, and not more troubled with their work: their outer raiment lay on the road-side in an orderly pile under the guardianship of a six-year-old boy, who had his arm thrown over the neck of a big mastiff, who was as happily lazy as if the summer-day had been made for him alone.
There were elements of laughter in the business; but the black dress, and the face that belonged to it, and the hand that he had held in his, inclined him to a serious view.
There were great, round, pot-bellied baskets of chestnuts, shaped like the waistcoats of jolly old gentlemen, lolling at the doors, and tumbling out into the street in their apoplectic opulence.
There were houses about, some on the road, some amongst the fields with pleasant lanes leading down to them, and each surrounded by a teeming garden.
There were in fact but two years between the youngest and Fanny.
There were many other views to be shewn; and though the weather was hot, there were shady lanes wherever they wanted to go.
There were more dances, and there were forfeits, and more dances, and there was cake, and there was negus, and there was a great piece of Cold Roast, and there was a great piece of Cold Boiled, and there were mince-pies, and plenty of beer.
There were no windows on the side opposite to the river, but arches below leading into chambers, one of which showed a glimpse of a garden beyond, and above them a long space of wall gaily painted (in fresco, I thought) with similar subjects to those of the frieze outside; everything about the place was handsome and generously solid as to material; and though it was not very large (somewhat smaller than Crosby Hall perhaps), one felt in it that exhilarating sense of space and freedom which satisfactory architecture always gives to an unanxious man who is in the habit of using his eyes.
There were none in her father's house; but wealth is luxurious and daring, and some of hers found its way to a circulating library.
There were not fewer smiles at the Parsonage than at the Park on this change in Edmund; Miss Crawford looked very lovely in hers, and entered with such an instantaneous renewal of cheerfulness into the whole affair as could have but one effect on him.
There were not many people in it, as some of the dwellers there were away at the haymaking in the neighbourhood, and some, as Walter told us, were wandering about the meadow enjoying the beautiful moonlit night.
There were points on which they did not quite agree; there were moments in which she did not seem propitious; and though trusting altogether to her affection, so far as to be resolved - almost resolved -  on bringing it to a decision within a very short time, as soon as the variety of business before him were arranged, and he knew what he had to offer her, he had many anxious feelings, many doubting hours as to the result.
There were ruddy, brown-faced, broad-girthed Spanish onions, shining in the fatness of their growth like Spanish Friars, and winking from their shelves in wanton slyness at the girls as they went by, and glanced demurely at the hung-up mistletoe.
There were three different conclusions to be drawn from his silence, between which her mind was in fluctuation; each of them at times being held the most probable.
There were, in fact, so many things to be attended to, so many people to be pleased, so many best characters required, and, above all, such a need that the play should be at once both tragedy and comedy, that there did seem as little chance of a decision as anything pursued by youth and zeal could hold out.
There will be little rubs and disappointments everywhere, and we are all apt to expect too much; but then, if one scheme of happiness fails, human nature turns to another; if the first calculation is wrong, we make a second better: we find comfort somewhere - and those evil-minded observers, dearest Mary, who make much of a little, are more taken in and deceived than the parties themselves.
There will be work for five summers at least before the place is liveable.
There would be great difficulty in proving its truth: we may safely conclude that very many of the most strongly marked domesti varieties could not possibly live in a wild state.
There would be less to distract the attention from without, and it would not be tried so long.
There would be the greatest indecorum, I think.
There would indeed be force in Mr. Mivart's objection, if w were to attempt to account for the above resemblances, independently o natural selection, through mere fluctuating variability; but as the cas stands there is none.
There you must look for the banners and the achievements.
There's Arcturus looking very bright.
There's more of gravy than of grave about you, whatever you are! Scrooge was not much in the habit of cracking jokes, nor did he feel, in his heart, by any means waggish then.
There, Fanny, you shall carry that parcel for me; take great care of it: do not let it fall; it is a cream cheese, just like the excellent one we had at dinner.
There, he thought, was hope.
There, let them lie just before you.) The place deserves it, Bertram.
There, look at that speech, and that, and that.
There, you can guess the rest.
Therefore I canno doubt that the theory of descent with modification embraces all the member of the same great class or kingdom.
Therefore Sir C. Lyell asks, and assigns certain reasons in answer, wh have not seals and bats given birth on such islands to forms fitted to liv on the land?  But seals would necessarily be first converted int terrestrial carnivorous animals of considerable size, and bats int terrestrial insectivorous animals; for the former there would be no prey for the bats ground-insects would serve as food, but these would already b largely preyed on by the reptiles or birds, which first colonise and aboun on most oceanic islands.
Therefore a man should examine for himself the grea piles of superimposed strata, and watch the rivulets bringing down mud, an the waves wearing away the sea-cliffs, in order to comprehend somethin about the duration of past time, the monuments of which we see all aroun us.
Therefore after a long struggle another law was passed fixing a minimum price for labour in the most important industries; which again had to be supplemented by a law fixing the maximum price on the chief wares then considered necessary for a workman's life.
Therefore it is quit possible, as we have seen in the case of some Silurian forms, that  species might go on being slightly modified in relation to its slightl altered conditions of life, and yet retain throughout a vast period th same general characteristics.
Therefore it need not be doubted that the two little folds of skin, whic originally served as ovigerous frena, but which, likewise, very slightl aided in the act of respiration, have been gradually converted by natura selection into branchiae, simply through an increase in their size and th obliteration of their adhesive glands.
Therefore, I can see no difficulty more especially under changing conditions of life, in the continue preservation of individuals with fuller and fuller flank-membranes, eac modification being useful, each being propagated, until, by the accumulate effects of this process of natural selection, a perfect so-called flyin squirrel was produced.
Therefore, during the modification of th descendants of any one species, and during the incessant struggle of al species to increase in numbers, the more diversified the descendant become, the better will be their chance of success in the battle for life.
Therefore, the utter extinction of a group i generally, as we have seen, a slower process than its production.
Therefore, there is no rea difficulty, under changing conditions of life, in natural selectio accumulating to any extent slight modifications of instinct which are i any way useful.
Therefore, we choose those characters which are the least likel to have been modified, in relation to the conditions of life to which eac species has been recently exposed.
Therefore, we must suppose either that all Rodents, includin the bizcacha, branched off from some ancient Marsupial, which wil naturally have been more or less intermediate in character with respect t all existing Marsupials; or that both Rodents and Marsupials branched of from a common progenitor, and that both groups have since undergone muc modification in divergent directions.
Thereupon Dick got up.
Thereupon Esther arose in sullen glory.
Therewith he drew rein and jumped down, and I followed.
Therewith he took a little silver bugle-horn from his girdle and blew two or three sharp but agreeable notes on it; and presently from the house which stood on the site of my old dwelling (of which more hereafter) another young man came sauntering towards us.
Therewith the boy put the tray on the counter and solemnly poured out a straw-coloured wine into the long bowls.
Thes differ much in structure in the different species.
Thes fishes, however, are soon able to hold themselves in a vertical position and no permanent effect is thus produced.
Thes latter, when the warmth returned, would return to their former homes leaving some few species on the mountains, and carrying southward with the some of the northern temperate forms which had descended from thei mountain fastnesses.
Thes positions seem at first purely morphological, or of no physiologica signification; but Dr. Hooker informs me that within the same ovarium th upper ovules alone in some cases, and in others the lower ones alone ar fertilised; and he suggests that this probably depends on the direction i which the pollen-tubes enter the ovarium.
Thes principles come into play only by bringing organisms into new relation with each other and in a lesser degree with the surrounding physica conditions.
Thes varieties would cross and blend where they met; but to this subject o intercrossing we shall soon have to return.
These 'Friends of Order,' as they were called, had some successes at first, and grew bolder; they got many officers of the regular army to help them, and by their means laid hold of munitions of war of all kinds.
These agencie may be all grouped together, for the sake of brevity, under the expressio of the laws of growth.
These anomalous forms may be called livin fossils; they have endured to the present day, from having inhabited  confined area, and from having been exposed to less varied, and therefor less severe, competition.
These are grouped under the species, with the subvarieties unde the varieties; and in some cases, as with the domestic pigeon, with severa other grades of difference.
These are our little amours propres, my daughter: your father must respect himself.
These are something like grievances, and make me think the weather most unseasonably close.
These are strange relations on the view that each species wa independently created, but are intelligible if each existed first as  variety.
These are the neighbours, and that like they run in the Thames valley.
These are the principal languages we speak in these islands, along with English or Welsh, or Irish, which is another form of Welsh; and children pick them up very quickly, because their elders all know them; and besides our guests from over sea often bring their children with them, and the little ones get together, and rub their speech into one another.
These authors see no more startled at a miraculous act of creation than at an ordinary birth.
These barometers were of the old and ordinary construction.
These brief remarks apply to plants alone; but some few analogous fact could be given in regard to terrestrial animals.
These bud variations, as they may be named, can b propagated by grafts, offsets, etc., and sometimes by seed.
These can be arranged in a lon series, from those which simply twine round a support, to those which  have called leaf-climbers, and to those provided with tendrils.
These can then b properly united in a legitimate manner.
These cases of close relationship in species either now or formerl inhabiting the seas on the eastern and western shores of North America, th Mediterranean and Japan, and the temperate lands of North America an Europe, are inexplicable on the theory of creation.
These cases serve t show on what slight and mysterious causes the lesser or greater fertilit of a species sometimes depends.
These cattle can brows as well as others on grass, but from the projection of the lower jaw the cannot, during the often recurrent droughts, browse on the twigs of trees reeds, etc., to which food the common cattle and horses are then driven; s that at these times the Niatas perish, if not fed by their owners.
These causes, take conjointly, will to a large extent explain why - though we do find man links - we do not find interminable varieties, connecting together al extinct and existing forms by the finest graduated steps.
These cirripedes have no branchiae, the whole surface of the bod and of the sack, together with the small frena, serving for respiration.
These conjectural remarks hav been made merely to show that a transition of structure, with each ste beneficial, is a highly complex affair; and that there is nothing strang in a transition not having occurred in any particular case.
These difference blend into each other by an insensible series; and a series impresses th mind with the idea of an actual passage.
These differences hav sometimes been attributed to the pressure of the involucra on the florets or to their mutual pressure, and the shape of the seeds in the ray-floret of some Compositae countenances this idea; but with the Umbelliferae it i by no means, as Dr. Hooker informs me, the species with the densest head which most frequently differ in their inner and outer flowers.
These differences i both cases follow, to a certain extent, as might have been expected systematic affinity, by which term every kind of resemblance an dissimilarity between organic beings is attempted to be expressed.
These difficulties and objections may be classed under the following heads: First, why, if species have descended from other species by fin gradations, do we not everywhere see innumerable transitional forms?  Wh is not all nature in confusion, instead of the species being, as we se them, well defined Secondly, is it possible that an animal having, for instance, the structur and habits of a bat, could have been formed by the modification of som other animal with widely different habits and structure?  Can we believ that natural selection could produce, on the one hand, an organ of triflin importance, such as the tail of a giraffe, which serves as a fly-flapper and, on the other hand, an organ so wonderful as the eye Thirdly, can instincts be acquired and modified through natural selection? What shall we say to the instinct which leads the bee to make cells, an which has practically anticipated the discoveries of profoun mathematicians Fourthly, how can we account for species, when crossed, being sterile an producing sterile offspring, whereas, when varieties are crossed, thei fertility is unimpaired The two first heads will be here discussed; some miscellaneous objection in the following chapter; Instinct and Hybridism in the two succeedin chapters.
These domestic instincts, whe thus tested by crossing, resemble natural instincts, which in a like manne become curiously blended together, and for a long period exhibit traces o the instincts of either parent:  for example, Le Roy describes a dog, whos great-grandfather was a wolf, and this dog showed a trace of its wil parentage only in one way, by not coming in a straight line to his master when called.
These facts ar very perplexing, for they seem to show that this kind of variability i independent of the conditions of life.
These facts are explained by the above two principles.
These facts are of plai signification on the view that species are only strongly marked an permanent varieties; for wherever many species of the same genus have bee formed, or where, if we may use the expression, the manufactory of specie has been active, we ought generally to find the manufactory still i action, more especially as we have every reason to believe the process o manufacturing new species to be a slow one.
These facts show how completely the fertility of a hybri may be independent of its external resemblance to either pure parent.
These facts, as will be seen in the latter chapters o this volume, seemed to throw some light on the origin of species - tha mystery of mysteries, as it has been called by one of our greates philosophers.
These five genera have also much in common, though less than when groupe in subfamilies; and they form a family distinct from that containing th three genera still further to the right hand, which diverged at an earlie period.
These forceps can seize firmly hold o any object; and Alexander Agassiz has seen an Echinus or sea-urchin rapidl passing particles of excrement from forceps to forceps down certain line of its body, in order that its shell should not be fouled.
These generally consist of long bristles, capable of movemen and easily excited.
These held the hot stuff from the jug, however, as well as golden goblets would have done; and Bob served it out with beaming looks, while the chestnuts on the fire sputtered and cracked noisily.
These huge animal have become wholly extinct, and have left no progeny.
These individual differences are of the highest importance for us, for the are often inherited, as must be familiar to every one; and they thus affor materials for natural selection to act on and accumulate, in the sam manner as man accumulates in any given direction individual differences i his domesticated productions.
These individual differences generall affect what naturalists consider unimportant parts; but I could show, by  long catalogue of facts, that parts which must be called important, whethe viewed under a physiological or classificatory point of view, sometime vary in the individuals of the same species.
These instructions were now carried out.
These intervals will have given time for the multiplication o species from some one parent-form:  and in the succeeding formation, suc groups or species will appear as if suddenly created.
These just-hatched molluscs, though aquatic in their nature, survive on the duck's feet, in damp air, from twelve to twenty hours; and in thi length of time a duck or heron might fly at least six or seven hundre miles, and if blown across the sea to an oceanic island, or to any othe distant point, would be sure to alight on a pool or rivulet.
These larva are hatched in the nests of bees; and when the male bees emerge from thei burrows, in the spring, which they do before the females, the larvae sprin on them, and afterwards crawl on to the females while paired with th males.
These latter cell are nearly spherical and of nearly equal sizes, and are aggregated into a irregular mass.
These latter resemblances may be accounted for, as it seems to me, b adaptation for similarly active movements through thickets and herbage together with concealment from enemies.
These latter, b which alone the variety can be propagated, may be compared with the fertil male and female ants, and the double sterile plants with the neuters of th same community.
These laws, taken in the largest sense being Growth with reproduction; Inheritance which is almost implied b reproduction; Variability from the indirect and direct action of th conditions of life, and from use and disuse; a Ratio of Increase so high a to lead to a Struggle for Life, and as a consequence to Natural Selection entailing Divergence of Character and the Extinction of less improve forms.
These means o transport are sometimes called accidental, but this is not strictl correct:  the currents of the sea are not accidental, nor is the directio of prevalent gales of wind.
These means, however, would suffice for occasional transport acros tracts of sea some hundred miles in breadth, or from island to island, o from a continent to a neighbouring island, but not from one distan continent to another.
These measures taken altogether did do something: they were in fact of the nature of regulations made by the commander of a beleaguered city.
These observations, however, relate to the marine inhabitants of the world: we have not sufficient data to judge whether the productions of the lan and of fresh water at distant points change in the same parallel manner.
These opinions had been hardly canvassed a year before another event arose of such importance in the family, as might fairly claim some place in the thoughts and conversation of the ladies.
These organs appear at first to offer another and far more seriou difficulty; for they occur in about a dozen kinds of fish, of which severa are widely remote in their affinities.
These organs are so proportioned in length to each other that half th stamens in two of the forms stand on a level with the stigma of the thir form.
These organs mus have been independently developed, as they could not have been inherite from a common progenitor; and in the several groups they are formed by th modification of the fore legs, of the hind legs, of the maxillae or lips and of appendages on the under side of the hind part of the body.
These periods of subsidence would be separated from eac other by immense intervals of time, during which the area would be eithe stationary or rising; whilst rising, the fossiliferous formations on th steeper shores would be destroyed, almost as soon as accumulated, by th incessant coast-action, as we now see on the shores of South America.
These propositions will be most readily understood by looking to ou domestic races.
These races were to call him away not long after their acquaintance began; and as it appeared that the family did not, from his usual goings on, expect him back again for many weeks, it would bring his passion to an early proof.
These remarks apply chiefly to littoral and sublittoral deposits.
These remarks are of course confined to the first APPEARANCE of th peculiarity, and not to the primary cause which may have acted on th ovules or on the male element; in nearly the same manner as the increase length of the horns in the offspring from a short-horned cow by  long-horned bull, though appearing late in life, is clearly due to the mal element.
These remarks, derived from the combined observation, study, and personal experience of various individuals, are in accordance generally, with the results obtained by eminent philosophers.
These representative specie often meet and interlock; and as the one becomes rarer and rarer, the othe becomes more and more frequent, till the one replaces the other.
These rhombs have certain angles, and the three which for the pyramidal base of a single cell on one side of the comb, enter into th composition of the bases of three adjoining cells on the opposite side.
These several considerations mak me believe that the wingless condition of so many Madeira beetles is mainl due to the action of natural selection, combined probably with disuse.
These several facts accord well with our theory, which includes no fixe law of development, causing all the inhabitants of an area to chang abruptly, or simultaneously, or to an equal degree.
These several marks do not occur together i any other species of the whole family.
These several remarks are apparently applicable to animals; but the subjec is here much complicated, partly owing to the existence of secondary sexua characters; but more especially owing to prepotency in transmittin likeness running more strongly in one sex than in the other, both when on species is crossed with another and when one variety is crossed wit another variety.
These shared her heart: her time was given chiefly to her house and her servants.
These slight movement appear to be of no service to the plants in question; anyhow, they are no of the least use in the way of climbing, which is the point that concern us.
These slight proportiona differences, due to the laws of growth and variation, are not of th slightest use or importance to most species.
These slightly varyin organisms are interesting in as far as they present characters analogous t those possessed by the species which are confined to similar conditions.
These tendencies, I do not doubt, may be mastered more or les completely by natural selection:  thus a family of stags once existed wit an antler only on one side; and if this had been of any great use to th breed, it might probably have been rendered permanent by natural selection.
These three families, together with the man extinct genera on the several lines of descent diverging from the paren form (A) will form an order; for all will have inherited something i common from their ancient progenitor.
These two breeds, moreover, have become s much modified, that, if we had no historical or indirect evidence regardin their origin, it would not have been possible to have determined from  mere comparison of their structure with that of the rock-pigeon, C. livia whether they had descended from this species or from some other allie species, such as C. oenas.
These two distinct cases o reversion are often confounded together by those who have written o inheritance.
These two groups of genera will thus form two distinc families, or orders, according to the amount of divergent modificatio supposed to be represented in the diagram.
These two kinds of flowers sometimes differ wonderfully i structure, yet may be seen to graduate into each other on the same plant.
These two principles, namely, that slight variations generally appear at  not very early period of life, and are inherited at a corresponding no early period, explain, as I believe, all the above specified leading fact in embryology.
These two species (A and I), were also supposed to be very commo and widely diffused species, so that they must originally have had som advantage over most of the other species of the genus.
These two used to wonder all day long.
These two varieties will generally still be exposed to the sam conditions which made their parents variable, and the tendency t variability is in itself hereditary; consequently they will likewise ten to vary, and commonly in nearly the same manner as did their parents.
These varieties, moreover, will often b ranked by some authors as species.
These very pieces of furniture belong to a time before my early days; it was my father who got them made; if they had been done within the last fifty years they would have been much cleverer in execution; but I don't think I should have liked them the better.
These very wid limits show how doubtful the data are; and other elements may hav hereafter to be introduced into the problem.
These views appear to explain what has sometimes been noticed, namely, tha we know hardly anything about the origin or history of any of our domesti breeds.
These views, grounded as they are on th perfectly well-ascertained occurrence of a former Glacial period, seem t me to explain in so satisfactory a manner the present distribution of th Alpine and Arctic productions of Europe and America, that when in othe regions we find the same species on distant mountain-summits, we may almos conclude, without other evidence, that a colder climate formerly permitte their migration across the intervening lowlands, now become too warm fo their existence.
These were anxious considerations; enough to sober her spirits even under the prospect of a ball given principally for her gratification.
These were reflections that required some time to soften; but time will do almost everything; and though little comfort arose on Mrs. Rushworth's side for the misery she had occasioned, comfort was to be found greater than he had supposed in his other children.
These were the circumstances and the hopes which gradually brought their alleviation to Sir Thomas, deadening his sense of what was lost, and in part reconciling him to himself; though the anguish arising from the conviction of his own errors in the education of his daughters was never to be entirely done away.
These were usually quite perfect pieces of workmanship, admirably adapted to the end in view.
These will have intercrossed and left offspring, eithe inheriting the same bodily peculiarities, or with a tendency to vary agai in the same manner; while the individuals less favoured in the sam respects will have been the most liable to perish.
They (and especially Oxford) were the breeding places of a peculiar class of parasites, who called themselves cultivated people; they were indeed cynical enough, as the so-called educated classes of the day generally were; but they affected an exaggeration of cynicism in order that they might be thought knowing and worldly-wise.
They admit that a multitud of forms, which till lately they themselves thought were special creations and which are still thus looked at by the majority of naturalists, an which consequently have all the external characteristic features of tru species - they admit that these have been produced by variation, but the refuse to extend the same view to other and slightly different forms.
They admit variation as a vera causa in one case, the arbitrarily reject it in another, without assigning any distinction in th two cases.
They all felt the refreshment of it, and for some time could only walk and admire.
They all laughed again at that, and waved us a pretty farewell as the punters set them over toward the other shore, and left us standing on the bank beside our boat.
They all laughed at this, as if it had a been very good joke; and I thought that Ellen's laugh, even amongst the others, was one of the pleasantest sounds I had ever heard.
They also carried on commerce with other nations.
They also were very interesting, showing the transition from the makeshift work of the machines (which was at about its worst a little after the Civil War before told of) into the first years of the new handicraft period.
They appointed the youngest and cleverest of their generals to command the proclaimed district; a man who had won a certain sort of reputation in the disgraceful wars in which the country had been long engaged from time to time.
They ar all infertile, in various degrees; some being so utterly and incurabl sterile that they did not yield during four seasons a single seed or eve seed-capsule.
They are all going away, I think.
They are always acting upon motives of vanity, and there is no more real modesty in their behaviour before they appear in public than afterwards.
They are always in earnest.
They are at Brighton now, you know; in one of the best houses there, as Mr. Rushworth's fine fortune gives them a right to be.
They are dangerous, being sometimes violently strong.
They are given wrong notions from the beginning.
They are here - I am here - the shadows of the things that would have been, may be dispelled.
They are incapable of making their own nests, or of feeding their ow larvae.
They are indifferent whether the desired qualities are acquired earlier o later in life, if the full-grown animal possesses them.
They are known to the largest part only as preachers.
They are sure of being well provided for.
They are two distinct orders of being.
They are very fond of her; but I am sure she does not love them as she loves you.
They began henceforward to prepare for a firm stand against the 'brutal and ferocious communism of the day,' as they phrased it.
They behaved very well, however, to him on the occasion, betraying no exultation beyond the lines about the corners of the mouth, and seemed to think it as great an escape to be quit of the intrusion of Charles Maddox, as if they had been forced into admitting him against their inclination.
They believ that many structures have been created for the sake of beauty, to deligh man or the Creator (but this latter point is beyond the scope of scientifi discussion), or for the sake of mere variety, a view already discussed.
They believe that every race which breeds true, let the distinctiv characters be ever so slight, has had its wild prototype.
They belong to the living, I suppose; if not, you must purchase them.
They both came forward to greet the new arrival; and the girl, relieving him of his monstrous burthen, proceeded to display her offerings to her father.
They both declared they should prefer it to anything.
They came up to us at once merrily and without the least affectation of shyness, and all three shook hands with me as if I were a friend newly come back from a long journey: though I could not help noticing that they looked askance at my garments; for I had on my clothes of last night, and at the best was never a dressy person.
They can do anything they like.
They cannot be traced.
They come, like the looks, from her poor, dear, good creature of a mother.
They could not act, they could not rehearse with any satisfaction without her.
They could not but hold her cheap on finding that she had but two sashes, and had never learned French; and when they perceived her to be little struck with the duet they were so good as to play, they could do no more than make her a generous present of some of their least valued toys, and leave her to herself, while they adjourned to whatever might be the favourite holiday sport of the moment, making artificial flowers or wasting gold paper.
They could not get through; and as Miss Bertram's inclination for so doing did by no means lessen, it ended in Mr. Rushworth's declaring outright that he would go and fetch the key.
They could scarcely be supposed to have any bearing on the death of Jacob, his old partner, for that was Past, and this Ghost's province was the Future.
They did not wait long for the Crawfords, but there was no Mrs. Grant.
They differ, moreover, to a large extent from the indigenes, for out of the 162 naturalised genera, no less than 10 genera are not there indigenous, and thus a large proportional addition i made to the genera now living in the United States.
They do not make the whole three-sided pyramidal base o any one cell at the same time, but only that one rhombic plate which stand on the extreme growing margin, or the two plates, as the case may be; an they never complete the upper edges of the rhombic plates, until th hexagonal walls are commenced.
They drew about the fire, and talked; the girls and mother working still.
They drop also many eggs on the bar ground, which are thus wasted.
They either build a nest of their own or seize o one belonging to some other bird, occasionally throwing out the nestling of the stranger.
They either lay their eggs in the nest thus appropriated or oddly enough build one for themselves on the top of it.
They entered Oxford, but she could take only a hasty glimpse of Edmund's college as they passed along, and made no stop anywhere till they reached Newbury, where a comfortable meal, uniting dinner and supper, wound up the enjoyments and fatigues of the day.
They entered poor Bob Cratchit's house; the dwelling he had visited before; and found the mother and the children seated round the fire.
They entered.
They expected to have a better view of the house from that part of the park, and will be thinking how it may be improved; and nothing of that sort, you know, can be settled without you.
They had a sad walk home, and that night, full of love and good counsel, Dick exerted every art to please his father, to convince him of his respect and affection, to heal up this breach of kindness, and reunite two hearts.
They had already formulated their general demands; but now by a solemn and universal vote of the whole of their federated societies, they insisted on the first step being taken toward carrying out their demands: this step would have led directly to handing over the management of the whole natural resources of the country, together with the machinery for using them into the power of the Combined Workers, and the reduction of the privileged classes into the position of pensioners obviously dependent on the pleasure of the workers.
They had at last learned how to combine after a long period of mistakes and disasters.
They had been all solitary, helpless, and forlorn alike; and now the arrival of the others only established her superiority in wretchedness.
They had been bathing, and were light clad and bare-footed, and were bound for the meadows on the Berkshire side, where the haymaking had begun, and were passing the time merrily enough till the Berkshire folk came in their punt to fetch them.
They had been instructed theoretically in their religion, but never required to bring it into daily practice.
They had been resting, and had only just begun work again as we came up; so that the rattle of the picks was what woke me from my musing.
They had books and papers in their hands, and bowed to him.
They had but one resource for putting down any popular movement - to wit, mere brute-force; but there was nothing for them against which to use their army and police: no armed bodies appeared in the streets; the offices of the Federated Workmen were now, in appearance, at least, turned into places for the relief of people thrown out of work, and under the circumstances, they durst not arrest the men engaged in such business, all the more, as even that night many quite respectable people applied at these offices for relief, and swallowed down the charity of the revolutionists along with their supper.
They had need be all in love, to find any amusement in such folly; and so they are, I fancy.
They had not been here a twelvemonth when he left England.
They had not been seen at the George; they had not been seen at the station.
They had reached a wonderful facility of production, and in order to make the most of that facility they had gradually created (or allowed to grow, rather) a most elaborate system of buying and selling, which has been called the World-Market; and that World-Market, once set a-going, forced them to go on making more and more of these wares, whether they needed them or not.
They had scarcely grasped the fact of their enemies being there, when another column of soldiers, pouring out of the streets which led into the great southern road going down to the Parliament House (still existing, and called the Dung Market), and also from the embankment by the side of the Thames, marched up, pushing the crowd into a denser and denser mass, and formed along the south side of the Square.
They had talked, and they had been silent; he had reasoned, she had ridiculed; and they had parted at last with mutual vexation.
They had their faults, and Mrs. Norris soon found them out.
They hailed us as we were about passing them, as they noted that we were travellers, and we stopped a minute to talk with them.
They have all, perhaps, been corrupting one another; but if they are so much fonder of her than she is of them, she is the less likely to have been hurt, except by their flattery.
They have bee partially retained by the power of inheritance, and relate to a forme state of things.
They have been buried, I suppose, in the parish church.
They have been domesticated for thousands of year in several quarters of the world; the earliest known record of pigeons i in the fifth Aegyptian dynasty, about 3000 B.C., as was pointed out to m by Professor Lepsius; but Mr. Birch informs me that pigeons are given in  bill of fare in the previous dynasty.
They have been leading her astray for years.
They have chosen almost as bad a play as they could, and now, to complete the business, are going to ask the help of a young man very slightly known to any of us.
They have gone on to the tents; for surely they must have tents pitched for the haymakers - the house would not hold a tithe of the folk, I am sure.
They have, moreover, the extraordinary habit of pecking holes i the eggs, whether of their own species or of their foster parents, whic they find in the appropriated nests.
They judged it best that Lady Bertram should not be harassed by alarms which, it was to be hoped, would prove unfounded; but there was no reason why Fanny should not know the truth.
They knelt down at its feet, and clung upon the outside of its garment.
They left England with the probability of being nearly a twelvemonth absent.
They left the busy scene, and went into an obscure part of the town, where Scrooge had never penetrated before, although he recognised its situation, and its bad repute.
They left the high-road, by a well-remembered lane, and soon approached a mansion of dull red brick, with a little weathercock-surmounted cupola, on the roof, and a bell hanging in it.
They lived together; and when Dr. Grant had brought on apoplexy and death, by three great institutionary dinners in one week, they still lived together; for Mary, though perfectly resolved against ever attaching herself to a younger brother again, was long in finding among the dashing representatives, or idle heir-apparents, who were at the command of her beauty, and her 20,000, any one who could satisfy the better taste she had acquired at Mansfield, whose character and manners could authorise a hope of the domestic happiness she had there learned to estimate, or put Edmund Bertram sufficiently out of her head.
They looked just the same: both well-dressed, with veils and parasols like other girls; but I afterwards found that I had been giving all my attention to the youngest, who was not out, and had most excessively offended the eldest.
They lose a great deal.
They made no resistance, though they might have done so, as they had now a considerable body of men who were quite prepared for extremities.
They may b lizards or small birds, or very young mammalia, so complete is th similarity in the mode of formation of the head and trunk in these animals.
They may be considered a definite when all or nearly all the offspring of individuals exposed t certain conditions during several generations are modified in the sam manner.
They may be in a nascent condition, and i progress towards further development.
They may become extinct, or they may endure as varietie for very long periods, as has been shown to be the case by Mr. Wollasto with the varieties of certain fossil land-shells in Madeira, and wit plants by Gaston de Saporta.
They may easily get her from Portsmouth to town by the coach, under the care of any creditable person that may chance to be going.
They may indeed turn out better or worse; they may disappoint her highest hopes; such anxieties as these are a part of the mingled pleasure and pain which goes to make up the life of mankind.
They may metaphorically be called cousins to the sam millionth degree, yet they differ widely and in different degrees from eac other.
They might be so improved so to be worth more than double their present value.
They might hav survived, even if the climate was not perfectly fitted for them, for th change of temperature must have been very slow, and plants undoubtedl possess a certain capacity for acclimatisation, as shown by thei transmitting to their offspring different constitutional powers o resisting heat and cold.
They might return to Mansfield when they chose; travelling could be no difficulty to them, and she could not comprehend how both could still keep away.
They must and shall be worn together.
They must now rehearse together.
They never, however, as far as Mr. Hudson has ascertained complete a nest for themselves.
They occu rarely under nature, but are far from rare under culture.
They often lay so many eggs - from fiftee to twenty - in the same foster-nest, that few or none can possibly b hatched.
They often make up parties, and come to play in the woods for weeks together in summer-time, living in tents, as you see.
They often stopt with the same sentiment and taste, leaning against the wall, some minutes, to look and admire; and considering he was not Edmund, Fanny could not but allow that he was sufficiently open to the charms of nature, and very well able to express his admiration.
They passed the drawbridge, and entered the town; and the light was only beginning to fail as, guided by William's powerful voice, they were rattled into a narrow street, leading from the High Street, and drawn up before the door of a small house now inhabited by Mr. Price.
They proceeded upstairs together, their rooms being on the same floor above.
They reached Mansfield on Thursday, and it was not till Sunday evening that Edmund began to talk to her on the subject.
They reached the top of the hill towards the first hour of evening; the sun was descending heaven, the colour had all drawn into the west; the hills were modelled in their least contour by the soft, slanting shine; and the wide moorlands, veined with glens and hazelwoods, ran west and north in a hazy glory of light.
They really go on Monday; and I was within a trifle of being persuaded to stay at Lessingby till that very day! I had almost promised it.
They remained together at the otherwise deserted card-table, talking very comfortably, and not thinking of the rest, till some of the rest began to think of them.
They rest on one side - in the greater number of species on th left, but in some on the right side; and occasionally reversed adul specimens occur.
They sat so much longer than usual in the dining-parlour, that she was sure they must be talking of her; and when tea at last brought them away, and she was to be seen by Edmund again, she felt dreadfully guilty.
They sat without a fire; but that was a privation familiar even to Fanny, and she suffered the less because reminded by it of the East room.
They say, Pleasure begets pleasure.
They scarcely seemed to enter the city; for the city rather seemed to spring up about them, and encompass them of its own act.
They scarcely spoke.
They seem to belong to us; they seem to be part of ourselves.
They seem to me to partake little of the character o demonstration, and to have little weight in comparison with those in favou of the power of natural selection, aided by the other agencies ofte specified.
They seemed to me to be especially fine specimens of their race, and enjoying themselves to the utmost; some of them were hanging about little tents pitched on the greensward, and by some of these fires were burning, with pots hanging over them gipsy fashion.
They sent a duly accredited envoy to treat with these men, who somehow had obtained dominion over people's minds, while the formal rulers had no hold except over their bodies.
They shall prove that, as far as you can be deserved by anybody, I do deserve you.
They shone in every part of the dance like moons.
They sometimes pass in such very little time from reserve to quite the opposite - to confidence! That is the faulty part of the present system.
They soon found out.
They stood beside the helmsman at the wheel, the look-out in the bow, the officers who had the watch; dark, ghostly figures in their several stations; but every man among them hummed a Christmas tune, or had a Christmas thought, or spoke below his breath to his companion of some bygone Christmas Day, with homeward hopes belonging to it.
They talked of William, a subject on which Mrs. Price could never tire; and Mr. Crawford was as warm in his commendation as even her heart could wish.
They the disappeared over the sea, as suddenly as they had appeared, and have no since visited the island.
They took their cheerful rides in the fine mornings of April and May; and Fanny either sat at home the whole day with one aunt, or walked beyond her strength at the instigation of the other: Lady Bertram holding exercise to be as unnecessary for everybody as it was unpleasant to herself; and Mrs. Norris, who was walking all day, thinking everybody ought to walk as much.
They used to say to one another, sometimes, Supposing all the children upon earth were to die, would the flowers, and the water, and the sky be sorry? They believed they would be sorry.
They usuall sit on their own eggs and rear their own young; but Mr. Hudson says it i probable that they are occasionally parasitic, for he has seen the young o this species following old birds of a distinct kind and clamouring to b fed by them.
They walked along the road, Scrooge recognising every gate, and post, and tree; until a little market-town appeared in the distance, with its bridge, its church, and winding river.
They went on quietly organising their food supply, which was a miserable driblet when all is said; and also as a retort to the state of siege, they armed as many men as they could in the quarter where they were strongest, but did not attempt to drill or organise them, thinking, perhaps, that they could not at the best turn them into trained soldiers till they had some breathing space.
They went, the Ghost and Scrooge, across the hall, to a door at the back of the house.
They were a boy and girl.
They were a gloomy suite of rooms, in a lowering pile of a building up a yard, where it had so little business to be, that one could scarcely help fancying it must have run there when it was a young house, playing at hide-and-seek with other houses, and forgotten the way out again.
They were a remarkably fine family, the sons very well-looking, the daughters decidedly handsome, and all of them well-grown and forward of their age, which produced as striking a difference between the cousins in person, as education had given to their address; and no one would have supposed the girls so nearly of an age as they really were.
They were all very pleasant.
They were all very seriously frightened.
They were already not far from the cottage, when his heart again faltered and he appealed to her once more, speaking low and eagerly in broken phrases.
They were apprehensive for his lungs.
They were arrested there on the Monday morning, and would have been shot at once by the general, who was a mere military machine, if the Government had not shrunk before the responsibility of killing men without any trial.
They were at it in the dining-parlour.
They were decided.
They were disappointed.
They were greedily bought by the whole public, who, of course, like the Government, expected a manifesto in them.
They were greedily seized on and read; but by this time the serious part of their news was stale, and people did not need to be told that the GENERAL STRIKE had begun.
They were in another scene and place; a room, not very large or handsome, but full of comfort.
They were in the ballroom, the violins were playing, and her mind was in a flutter that forbade its fixing on anything serious.
They were in the environs of Mansfield long before the usual dinner-time, and as they approached the beloved place, the hearts of both sisters sank a little.
They were indeed a smaller party than she had ever known there for a whole day together, and he was gone on whom the comfort and cheerfulness of every family meeting and every meal chiefly depended.
They were just returned into the wilderness from the park, to which a sidegate, not fastened, had tempted them very soon after their leaving her, and they had been across a portion of the park into the very avenue which Fanny had been hoping the whole morning to reach at last, and had been sitting down under one of the trees.
They were laughed at, despised - and paid.
They were laughing and talking merrily with each other and the women, but presently their foreman looked up and saw our way stopped.
They were looking at the table (which was spread out in great array); for these young housekeepers are always nervous on such points, and like to see that everything is right.
They were men of business: very wealthy, and of great importance.
They were no sooner in the hall than all restraint of countenance was over on Miss Crawford's side.
They were now a miserable trio, confined within doors by a series of rain and snow, with nothing to do and no variety to hope for.
They were now on the second floor, and the appearance of a housemaid prevented any farther conversation.
They were obliged to put up with everything, and even pretend that they liked it; whereas we can now deal with things reasonably, and refuse to be saddled with what we do not want.
They were perfectly free from any jealousy of Mansfield.
They were portly gentlemen, pleasant to behold, and now stood, with their hats off, in Scrooge's office.
They were relieved by it from all restraint; and without aiming at one gratification that would probably have been forbidden by Sir Thomas, they felt themselves immediately at their own disposal, and to have every indulgence within their reach.
They were severally examined and appraised by old Joe, who chalked the sums he was disposed to give for each, upon the wall, and added them up into a total when he found there was nothing more to come.
They were succeeded by a clanking noise, deep down below; as if some person were dragging a heavy chain over the casks in the wine-merchant's cellar.
They were the two on whom it would fall most horribly.
They were then to set forward for the dockyard at once, and the walk would have been conducted - according to Mr. Crawford's opinion - in a singular manner, had Mr. Price been allowed the entire regulation of it, as the two girls, he found, would have been left to follow, and keep up with them or not, as they could, while they walked on together at their own hasty pace.
They were too handsome themselves to dislike any woman for being so too, and were almost as much charmed as their brothers with her lively dark eye, clear brown complexion, and general prettiness.
They were totally preoccupied.
They were two solitary sufferers, or connected only by Fanny's consciousness.
They were very quiet again.
They were young people of fortune.
They will be.
They will now see what sort of woman it is that can attach me, that can attach a man of sense.
They will thus play  more important part in the changing history of the organic world.
They wondered at the beauty of the flowers; they wondered at the height and blueness of the sky; they wondered at the depth of the bright water; they wondered at the goodness and the power of GOD who made the lovely world.
They wore amongst other garments, breeches made of worsted velvet, that stuff which used to be called plush some years ago.
They woul likewise be fatal, if the above Foraminifera, for instance, could be prove to have first come into existence during the Laurentian epoch, or the abov Brachiopods during the Cambrian formation; for in this case, there woul not have been time sufficient for the development of these organisms up t the standard which they had then reached.
They would be done long before Sunday, he said.
They would go to one end of it, in the line they were then in -  for there was a straight green walk along the bottom by the side of the ha-ha - and perhaps turn a little way in some other direction, if it seemed likely to assist them, and be back in a few minutes.
They would have two chances at least in their favour.
They would retain this resemblanc all the more, as the variations, which afforded the basis for thei subsequent modification through natural selection, would tend from th first to be similar; the parts being at an early stage of growth alike, an being subjected to nearly the same conditions.
They would, also, during th first and succeeding generations cross with the ordinary form, and thu their abnormal character would almost inevitably be lost.
They'd have wasted it, if it hadn't been for me.
They, as well as sympiesometers, are likewise dependent or secondary instruments, and liable to deterioration.
Thi antenna, when touched, transmits a sensation or vibration to a certai membrane which is instantly ruptured; this sets free a spring by which th pollen-mass is shot forth, like an arrow, in the right direction, an adheres by its viscid extremity to the back of the bee.
Thi assertion, as we shall see in the next chapter, is certainly erroneous.
Thi difficulty, as in the case of unconscious selection by man, is avoided o the theory of gradual evolution, through the preservation of a large numbe of individuals, which varied more or less in any favourable direction, an of the destruction of a large number which varied in an opposite manner.
Thi distinction is important, when the cause of the sterility, which is commo to the two cases, has to be considered.
Thi fact might have been theoretically expected, for, as already explained species occasionally arriving, after long intervals of time in the new an isolated district, and having to compete with new associates, would b eminently liable to modification, and would often produce groups o modified descendants.
Thi general absence of frogs, toads and newts on so many true oceanic island cannot be accounted for by their physical conditions; indeed it seems tha islands are peculiarly fitted for these animals; for frogs have bee introduced into Madeira, the Azores, and Mauritius, and have multiplied s as to become a nuisance.
Thi grand fact of the grouping of all organic beings under what is called th Natural System, is utterly inexplicable on the theory of creation.
Thi latter alternative, which was first propounded by Pallas, seems by far th most probable, and can, indeed, hardly be doubted.
Thi may not be a cheering prospect; but we shall at least be freed from th vain search for the undiscovered and undiscoverable essence of the ter species.
Thi seems to me a strange conclusion to arrive at.
Thi view has been ably maintained by many authors.
Thi view removes many difficulties, but it does not accord with all the fact in regard to the productions of islands.
Thin smoke went straight up from the chimney; the flowers in the garden, the hawthorn in the lane, hung down their heads in the heat; the stillness was broken only by the sound of hoofs.
Things should take their course; she cared not how it ended.
Think it a little over.
Think of old times.
Thinking, I hope, of one who is always thinking of you.
Thirdly, that the young cuckoo, soon after birth, has th instinct, the strength and a properly shaped back for ejecting its foster brothers, which then perish from cold and hunger.
Thirdly, those character which are mainly distinctive of each breed are in each eminently variable, for instance, the wattle and length of beak of the carrier, the shortnes of that of the tumbler, and the number of tail-feathers in the fantail; an the explanation of this fact will be obvious when we treat of selection.
Thirdly, when two or more varieties have been formed in different portion of a strictly continuous area, intermediate varieties will, it is probable at first have been formed in the intermediate zones, but they wil generally have had a short duration.
Thirty-two degrees is the point at which water begins to freeze, or ice to thaw.
This abstract, which I now publish, must necessarily be imperfect.
This acting scheme gets worse and worse, you see.
This address was delivered after the papers by Mr. Wallace and myself o the Origin of Species, presently to be referred to, had been read befor the Linnean Society.
This animal also uses its long neck as a mean of offence or defence, by violently swinging its head armed with stump-lik horns.
This animal neve lives in the water.
This ant is absolutely dependent on its slaves; without their aid the species would certainly become extinct in a single year.
This being the case, we are compelled to admit that th escarpments owe their origin in chief part to the rocks of which they ar composed, having resisted subaerial denudation better than the surroundin surface; this surface consequently has been gradually lowered, with th lines of harder rock left projecting.
This bird, as far as it is known, invariably lay its eggs in the nests of strangers; but it is remarkable that severa together sometimes commence to build an irregular untidy nest of their own placed in singular ill-adapted situations, as on the leaves of a larg thistle.
This boy is Ignorance.
This cannot for an instant be admitted.
This cannot have taken you by surprise.
This capacity in bees of laying down under certain circumstances  rough wall in its proper place between two just-commenced cells, i important, as it bears on a fact, which seems at first subversive of th foregoing theory; namely, that the cells on the extreme margin o wasp-combs are sometimes strictly hexagonal; but I have not space here t enter on this subject.
This case is more remarkable than that of the cuckoo; fo these bees have not only had their instincts but their structure modifie in accordance with their parasitic habits; for they do not possess th pollen-collecting apparatus which would have been indispensable if they ha stored up food for their own young.
This case of the Crinum leads me to refer to a singular fact, namely, tha individual plants of certain species of Lobelia, Verbascum and Passiflora can easily be fertilised by the pollen from a distinct species, but not b pollen from the same plant, though this pollen can be proved to b perfectly sound by fertilising other plants or species.
This case wel illustrates the spirit of our classifications.
This case would b represented in the diagram, if all the lines proceeding from (A) wer removed, excepting that from a1 to a10.
This case, however, is rendered in some degree less surprising by th species of this genus having the power of crossing by some unknown mean considerable spaces of open ocean:  thus there is one species common to Ne Zealand and to the Auckland Islands, though separated by a distance o about 230 miles.
This classification is not arbitrar like the grouping of the stars in constellations.
This combination had now taken the form of a federation of all or almost all the recognised wage-paid employments, and it was by its means that those betterments of the conditions of the workmen had been forced from the masters: and though they were not seldom mixed up with the rioting that happened, especially in the earlier days of their organization, it by no means formed an essential part of their tactics; indeed at the time I am now speaking of they had got to be so strong that most commonly the mere threat of a 'strike' was enough to gain any minor point: because they had given up the foolish tactics of the ancient trades unions of calling out of work a part only of the workers of such and such an industry, and supporting them while out of work on the labour of those that remained in.
This comparison gives, I think, an accurate notion o the frame of mind under which an instinctive action is performed, but no necessarily of its origin.
This conclusion throws so much light on geographical distributio that I am strongly inclined to trust in it; but I will first give the fact which demand an explanation.
This conclusion, as well as that of the specifi distinction between the humped and common cattle, may, indeed, be looke upon as established by the admirable researches of Professor Rutimeyer.
This conclusion, which implies grea breaks or discontinuity in the series, appears to me improbable in th highest degree.
This could be effected by the future geologist only by hi discovering in a fossil state numerous intermediate gradations; and suc success is improbable in the highest degree.
This could not be denied, and Fanny was silenced.
This dear William would soon be amongst them.
This deeper anxiety swallowed them up.
This depends on their constancy throughout man allied groups; and their constancy chiefly depends on any slight deviation not having been preserved and accumulated by natural selection, which act only on serviceable characters.
This difference in the usual habits of the masters and slaves in the tw countries, probably depends merely on the slaves being captured in greate numbers in Switzerland than in England.
This difference might indeed have been expected if the islands have bee stocked by occasional means of transport - a seed, for instance, of on plant having been brought to one island, and that of another plant t another island, though all proceeding from the same general source.
This difficulty, though appearing insuperable, is lessened, or, as  believe, disappears, when it is remembered that selection may be applied t the family, as well as to the individual, and may thus gain the desire end.
This doctrine has been emphatically admitted by many geologists an palaeontologists, who, like E. Forbes, entirely disbelieve in the change o species.
This does not occur, or only in a very slight degree, with ou domesticated productions, which have long been exposed to fluctuatin conditions.
This dreadful communication could not be kept from the rest of the family.
This elimination of sterility apparently follows from th same cause which allows our domestic animals to breed freely unde diversified circumstances; and this again apparently follows from thei having been gradually accustomed to frequent changes in their conditions o life.
This evening, or to-morrow morning, I shall make a proposal to you to do something which would please me very much, and I think would not hurt you.
This excellent observer has show that in some districts of South America, where, for instance, an Ithomi abounds in gaudy swarms, another butterfly, namely, a Leptalis, is ofte found mingled in the same flock; and the latter so closely resembles th Ithomia in every shade and stripe of colour, and even in the shape of it wings, that Mr. Bates, with his eyes sharpened by collecting during eleve years, was, though always on his guard, continually deceived.
This extension of the same temperate forms, almost under th equator, across the whole continent of Africa and to the mountains of th Cape Verde archipelago, is one of the most astonishing facts ever recorde in the distribution of plants.
This fact alone, from its generality, seems to have shake Professor Pictet in his belief in the immutability of species.
This fact is perfectl compatible with numerous beings still retaining simple and but littl improved structures, fitted for simple conditions of life; it is likewis compatible with some forms having retrograded in organisation, by havin become at each stage of descent better fitted for new and degraded habit of life.
This fact, together with that of the seeds and eggs of mos lowly organised forms being very minute and better fitted for distan transportal, probably accounts for a law which has long been observed, an which has lately been discussed by Alph.
This flank membrane is furnished with an extensor muscle.
This foal, when a week old, was marke on its hinder quarters and on its forehead with numerous very narrow, dark zebra-like bars, and its legs were feebly striped.
This form of selection depends, not on a struggl for existence in relation to other organic beings or to externa conditions, but on a struggle between the individuals of one sex, generall the males, for the possession of the other sex.
This fundamental subject of natural selection will be treated at som length in the fourth chapter; and we shall then see how natural selectio almost inevitably causes much extinction of the less improved forms o life, and leads to what I have called divergence of character.
This garment hung so loosely on the figure, that its capacious breast was bare, as if disdaining to be warded or concealed by any artifice.
This gave him a high station in his own esteem, and thus contributed indirectly to his better behaviour; for he was scrupulous as well as high-spirited, and prided himself on nothing more than on a just submission.
This girl is Want.
This gradual increase i number of the species of a group is strictly conformable with the theory for the species of the same genus, and the genera of the same family, ca increase only slowly and progressively; the process of modification and th production of a number of allied forms necessarily being a slow and gradua process, one species first giving rise to two or three varieties, thes being slowly converted into species, which in their turn produce by equall slow steps other varieties and species, and so on, like the branching of  great tree from a single stem, till the group becomes large.
This great fact of the parallel succession of the forms of life throughou the world, is explicable on the theory of natural selection.
This greater variability in mongrels than in hybrids does not seem at al surprising.
This grou includes the large majority of existing species.
This habit is not very uncommon with th Gallinaceae, and throws some light on the singular instinct of the ostrich.
This had been her motive in going to her cousin's.
This had been his business.
This has been boldl called a beneficent arrangement, in order that the young cuckoo may ge sufficient food, and that its foster-brothers may perish before they ha acquired much feeling Turning now to the Australian species:  though these birds generally la only one egg in a nest, it is not rare to find two and even three eggs i the same nest.
This has been effected chiefly through the natural selection o numerous successive, slight, favourable variations; aided in an importan manner by the inherited effects of the use and disuse of parts; and in a unimportant manner, that is, in relation to adaptive structures, whethe past or present, by the direct action of external conditions, and b variations which seem to us in our ignorance to arise spontaneously.
This has been the greatest relief, and now we will have done.
This has latel been insisted on by Professor Cope and others in the United States.
This high rate o increase is proved by calculation - by the rapid increase of many animal and plants during a succession of peculiar seasons, and when naturalised i new countries.
This i chiefly owing to the forms which are crossed having been exposed t somewhat different conditions of life; for I have ascertained by  labourious series of experiments that if all the individuals of the sam variety be subjected during several generations to the same conditions, th good derived from crossing is often much diminished or wholly disappears.
This i likewise sometimes the case with those which may strictly be said t struggle with each other for existence, as in the case of locusts an grass-feeding quadrupeds.
This idea taking full possession of his mind, he got up softly and shuffled in his slippers to the door.
This improvement inevitably leads to th gradual advancement of the organisation of the greater number of livin beings throughout the world.
This indeed, might have been expected; for as natural selection acts through on form having some advantage over other forms in the struggle for existence it will chiefly act on those which already have some advantage; and th largeness of any group shows that its species have inherited from a commo ancestor some advantage in common.
This instinct ma probably be accounted for by the fact of the hens laying a large number o eggs, but, as with the cuckoo, at intervals of two or three days.
This instrument should be suspended in a good light for reading, but out of the reach of sunshine or the heat of a fire or lamp.
This is a sort of talking which is very unpleasant to me.
This is a very important subject, most imperfectl understood, and no doubt wholly different classes of facts may be her easily confounded together.
This is a wonderful case, and probabl indicates dispersal from an Antarctic centre during a former warm period.
This is an extremely intricate subject.
This is an opportunity, Mr. Naseby.
This is clearly shown by hybrids never having bee raised between species ranked by systematists in distinct families; and o the other hand, by very closely allied species generally uniting wit facility.
This is my advice.
This is my modest request and expectation, for you are so good, that I depend upon being treated better than I deserve, and I write now to beg an immediate answer.
This is obvious in th structure of the teeth and talons of the tiger; and in that of the legs an claws of the parasite which clings to the hair on the tiger's body.
This is often necessary, on receiving or first using an aneroid that has long been lying by, or that has been shaken by travelling.
This is one of the most important subjects in the whole round of natura history.
This is one of the most interestin departments of natural history, and may almost be said to be its very soul.
This is one side of the case.
This is only a misunderstanding, like the other, believe me; and with one kind movement, you may give happiness to him, and to me, and to yourself.
This is quite a surprise, Fanny.
This is quite compatible with th action of natural selection.
This is rather a surprise to me.
This is rather an extreme estimate for most o the higher animals, but by no means so for many of the lower organisms.
This is represented in the diagram by th letter F14.
This is so much my opinion, that I am sorry to think how little likely my own eldest son, your cousin, Mr. Bertram, is to marry early; but at present, as far as I can judge, matrimony makes no part of his plans or thoughts.
This is strikingly illustrated, according t Alph.
This is such a commonplace that I am almost ashamed to state it.
This is th doctrine of Malthus, applied to the whole animal and vegetable kingdoms.
This is the cas with the male Ibla, and in a truly extraordinary manner with th Proteolepas:  for the carapace in all other cirripedes consists of th three highly important anterior segments of the head enormously developed and furnished with great nerves and muscles; but in the parasitic an protected Proteolepas, the whole anterior part of the head is reduced t the merest rudiment attached to the bases of the prehensile antennae.
This is the case:  I observed that th young flower-peduncles of the above Maurandia curved themselves a littl towards the side which was touched.
This is the end of all the privacy and propriety which was talked about at first.
This is the truth.
This is the usual graduation of scientific barometers; but for ordinar purposes, as weather-glasses, a division, or reading, to the hundredth of an inch is sufficient.
This is well shown in the drawings given by Owe of the leg bones of the horse, ox, and rhinoceros.
This is what I said, the purport of it; but, as you may imagine, not spoken so collectedly or methodically as I have repeated it to you.
This is what might have been expected, for islands situated s near to each other would almost necessarily receive immigrants from th same original source, and from each other.
This is what we should be driven to, if we wer ever to succeed in collecting all the forms in any one class which hav lived throughout all time and space.
This it is clear meant two things: first, amnesty for 'the rebels,' great and small, who, without a distinct act of civil war, could no longer be attacked; and next, a continuance of the organised revolution.
This juice, though small in quantity, is greedily sought by insects; bu their visits do not in any way benefit the plant.
This latter alternative has not bee sufficiently attended to; but I believe, from observations communicated t me by Mr. Hewitt, who has had great experience in hybridising pheasants an fowls, that the early death of the embryo is a very frequent cause o sterility in first crosses.
This latter conclusion i supported by observing the great diversity of forms, which, in any smal area, come into the closest competition, and by certain facts i naturalisation.
This latter fact is well exemplified i the state of the wings of female moths belonging to the same family.
This latter point wil become a far more essential consideration than it is at present; fo differences, however slight, between any two forms, if not blended b intermediate gradations, are looked at by most naturalists as sufficient t raise both forms to the rank of species.
This latter statement i clearly proved by the difference in the result of reciprocal crosse between the same two species, for, according as the one species or th other is used as the father or the mother, there is generally som difference, and occasionally the widest possible difference, in th facility of effecting an union.
This leads me to say a few words on what I hav called sexual selection.
This led me carefull to observe during four years many seedlings, raised from severa illegitimate unions.
This likewise necessarily occur with closely allied organisms, which inhabit distinct continents o islands.
This line of argument seems to hav had great weight in leading Fritz Muller to accept the views maintained b me in this volume.
This long letter, full of my own concerns alone, will be enough to tire even the friendship of a Fanny.
This lunatic, in letting Scrooge's nephew out, had let two other people in.
This manner of carrying an intimacy at the bayonet's point was Van Tromp's stock-in - trade.
This may add some inches of measure approximately.
This may be attributed partly to th principle of correlated growth, and partly to so-called spontaneou variation.
This may be inferred from their manner o development in the individual, as well as from a long and perfect series o gradations in different species and genera, from simple granules t ordinary spines, to perfect tridactyle pedicellariae.
This may be safely done, and is often done, as long a a sufficient number of characters, let them be ever so unimportant, betray the hidden bond of community of descent.
This might have been anticipated, for the mere fact of man species of the same genus inhabiting any country, shows that there i something in the organic or inorganic conditions of that country favourabl to the genus; and, consequently, we might have expected to have found i the larger genera, or those including many species, a larger proportiona number of dominant species.
This might have lasted half a minute, or a minute, but it seemed an hour.
This murk appearance, more or less oily or watery, as wind or rain will prevail is a sure sign.
This must be admitted as true, for the domesti races of many animals and plants have been ranked by some competent judge as the descendants of aboriginally distinct species, and by other competen judges as mere varieties.
This must be distinctly understood, or nothing wonderful can come of the story I am going to relate.
This must be his state.
This old man, whose name was Henry Morsom, took us, after our meal and a rest, into a biggish hall which contained a large collection of articles of manufacture and art from the last days of the machine period to that day; and he went over them with us, and explained them with great care.
This operation they carried out in Oxford Street, then a great street of shops of all kinds.
This opinion, which from all I can learn seemed as natural then, as it seems absurd now, was, that while the ordinary daily work of the world would be done entirely by automatic machinery, the energies of the more intelligent part of mankind would be set free to follow the higher forms of the arts, as well as science and the study of history.
This orchid has part of its labellum or lower lip hollowe out into a great bucket, into which drops of almost pure water continuall fall from two secreting horns which stand above it; and when the bucket i half-full, the water overflows by a spout on one side.
This ought to be a day of pleasure.
This ought to convince us of our ignorance on the mutual relations of al organic beings; a conviction as necessary, as it is difficult to acquire.
This part we are just coming to is called Kensington Gardens; though why 'gardens' I don't know.
This perhaps, partly explains why the varieties kept by savages, as has bee remarked by some authors, have more of the character of true species tha the varieties kept in civilised countries.
This perio will seldom be remote in any extreme degree, as species rarely endure fo more than one geological period.
This philosophica naturalist, I may add, has also shown that the muscles in the larvae o certain insects are far from uniform.
This pleasantry was received with a general laugh.
This point if it could be cleared up, would be interesting; if, for instance, it coul be shown that the greyhound, bloodhound, terrier, spaniel and bull-dog which we all know propagate their kind truly, were the offspring of an single species, then such facts would have great weight in making us doub about the immutability of the many closely allied natural species - fo instance, of the many foxes - inhabiting the different quarters of th world.
This preservation of favourable individual differences an variations, and the destruction of those which are injurious, I have calle Natural Selection, or the Survival of the Fittest.
This principle has been broadl confessed by some naturalists to be the true one; and by none more clearl than by that excellent botanist, Aug. St. Hilaire.
This principle o preservation, or the survival of the fittest, I have called natura selection.
This process must have been repeate many times, until that prodigious amount of difference between the fertil and sterile females of the same species has been produced which we see i many social insects.
This process of 'opening up' is a strange one to those who have read the professions of the men of that period and do not understand their practice; and perhaps shows us at its worst the great vice of the nineteenth century, the use of hypocrisy and cant to evade the responsibility of vicarious ferocity.
This process, whilst i leaves the embryo almost unaltered, continually adds, in the course o successive generations, more and more difference to the adult.
This race woul consequently multiply, while the others would decrease; not only from thei in ability to sustain the attacks of disease, but from their incapacity o contending with their more vigorous neighbours.
This rare event is probably a case of reversion to the long-lost aboriginal instinct of nidification.
This region has not been carefully explored, bu from the concurrent testimony of travellers, the granitic area is ver large:  thus Von Eschwege gives a detailed section of these rocks stretching from Rio de Janeiro for 260 geographical miles inland in  straight line; and I travelled for 150 miles in another direction, and sa nothing but granitic rocks.
This regular movement, whether tidal, or otherwise connected with the sun's influence - sensible in tropical latitudes, but more or less masked elsewhere - amounts to nearly two-tenths of an inch near the equator, the highest being at about nine, and the lowest near three o'clock.
This relationship is eve more clearly seen in the wonderful collection of fossil bones made by MM. Lund and Clausen in the caves of Brazil.
This remark no doubt must be restricted to those group which have undergone much change in the course of geological ages; and i would be difficult to prove the truth of the proposition, for every now an then even a living animal, as the Lepidosiren, is discovered havin affinities directed towards very distinct groups.
This remarkable fact, which offers so strong a contras with terrestrial plants, is intelligible on the view of an occasional cros being indispensable; for owing to the nature of the fertilising elemen there are no means, analogous to the action of insects and of the wind wit plants, by which an occasional cross could be effected with terrestria animals without the concurrence of two individuals.
This remarkable instinct was first discovered in the Formica (Polyerges rufescens by Pierre Huber, a better observer even than his celebrate father.
This same view has since been maintained by Agassiz and others.
This scheme was that she should accompany her brother back to Portsmouth, and spend a little time with her own family.
This second sight of her surprised him.
This seemed to be true, so long as a genus was imperfectl known, and its species were founded upon a few specimens, that is to say were provisional.
This seems an astonishin result, and some considerations lead to the suspicion that it may be to large, but if halved or quartered it is still very surprising.
This seems as if nothing were a security for matrimonial comfort.
This separation, as far as the more temperate productions ar concerned, must have taken place long ages ago.
This similarity would be  strange fact, if species had been independently created and varieties ha been produced through secondary laws.
This slowness follows from al the inhabitants of the same country being already so well adapted to eac other, that new places in the polity of nature do not occur until afte long intervals, due to the occurrence of physical changes of some kind, o through the immigration of new forms.
This species is found in the souther parts of England, and its habits have been attended to by Mr. F. Smith, o the British Museum, to whom I am much indebted for information on this an other subjects.
This species is sometimes, thoug rarely, made into slaves, as has been described by Mr. Smith.
This state of th eyes is probably due to gradual reduction from disuse, but aided perhaps b natural selection.
This statement is indeed scarcely more than  truism, for if a variety were found to have a wider range than that of it supposed parent-species, their denominations would be reversed.
This subject may be here briefly discussed, and will be found to throw som light on hybridism.
This subject of the checks to increase has been ably treated b several authors, and I hope in a future work to discuss it at considerabl length, more especially in regard to the feral animals of South America.
This subject will be more fully discussed in our chapter on Geology; but i must here be alluded to from being intimately connected with natura selection.
This talk brought us up to the house that was a-building, not a large one, which stood at the end of a beautiful orchard surrounded by an old stone wall.
This talk had brought us down to the boat, and we were presently afloat on the beautiful broad stream, Dick driving the prow swiftly through the windless water of the early summer morning, for it was not yet six o'clock.
This tendenc in the large groups to go on increasing in size and diverging in character together with the inevitable contingency of much extinction, explains th arrangement of all the forms of life in groups subordinate to groups, al within a few great classes, which has prevailed throughout all time.
This tenth of an inch will represent on hundred years, and the entire strip a million years.
This theory is also strengthened by some few other facts in regard t instincts; as by that common case of closely allied, but distinct, species when inhabiting distant parts of the world and living under considerabl different conditions of life, yet often retaining nearly the sam instincts.
This threat was so palpably disregarded, that though within five minutes afterwards the three boys all burst into the room together and sat down, Fanny could not consider it as a proof of anything more than their being for the time thoroughly fagged, which their hot faces and panting breaths seemed to prove, especially as they were still kicking each other's shins, and hallooing out at sudden starts immediately under their father's eye.
This unconscious process of selection has been the grea agency in the formation of the most distinct and useful domestic breeds.
This very night I will sound her affections.
This vie cuts the Gordian knot of the dispersal of the same species to the mos distant points, and removes many a difficulty; but to the best of m judgment we are not authorized in admitting such enormous geographica changes within the period of existing species.
This view accords admirably well with our theory.
This view certainly seems at first highl probable, for species living together could hardly have been kept distinc had they been capable of freely crossing.
This view is strongly supported by  parallelism of another kind:  namely, that, firstly, slight changes in th conditions of life add to the vigour and fertility of all organic beings and secondly, that the crossing of forms, which have been exposed t slightly different conditions of life, or which have varied, favours th size, vigour and fertility of their offspring.
This view may be true and yet may never be capable of proof.
This view of the development of the vibracula, if trustworthy, i interesting; for supposing that all the species provided with aviculari had become extinct, no one with the most vivid imagination would ever hav thought that the vibracula had originally existed as part of an organ resembling a bird's head, or an irregular box or hood.
This view of the necessity of a large stoc of the same species for its preservation, explains, I believe, som singular facts in nature such as that of very rare plants being sometime extremely abundant, in the few spots where they do exist; and that of som social plants being social, that is abounding in individuals, even on th extreme verge of their range.
This view wa long ago doubtfully suggested by Sprengel, Knight and Kolreuter.
This was Fanny's most frequent expectation.
This was a great deal better than to have to take up the pen to acquaint her with all the particulars of the Grants' intended journey, for the present intelligence was of a nature to promise occupation for the pen for many days to come, being no less than the dangerous illness of her eldest son, of which they had received notice by express a few hours before.
This was a hard duty, and she was never summoned to it without looking at William, as he walked about at his ease in the background of the scene, and longing to be with him.
This was a letter to be run through eagerly, to be read deliberately, to supply matter for much reflection, and to leave everything in greater suspense than ever.
This was a most unjust reflection, but Fanny could allow for it, and let it pass: Julia was vexed, and her temper was hasty; but she felt that it would not last, and therefore, taking no notice, only asked her if she had not seen Mr. Rushworth.
This was a most unwelcome hearing, for though he might think nothing of what had passed, it would be quite distressing to her to see him again so soon.
This was a prospect to be dwelt on with a fondness that could be but half acknowledged.
This was a sore trouble to me adding, as I then thought, one more instance of the abrupt appearance of  great group of species.
This was a station isolated in the midst of moorlands, yet lying on the great up line to London.
This was a victory for the people as far as it went.
This was aimed, and well aimed, at Fanny.
This was almost the only rule of conduct, the only piece of advice, which Fanny had ever received from her aunt in the course of eight years and a half.
This was an evil omen.
This was an order to be most joyfully obeyed; this was an act of kindness which Fanny felt at her heart.
This was effected by Mr. Eyton, who raised two hybrids from the sam parents, but from different hatches; and from these two birds he raised n less than eight hybrids (grandchildren of the pure geese) from one nest.
This was exactly what Sir Thomas and Edmund had been separately conniving at, as each proved to the other by the sympathetic alacrity with which they both advised Mrs. Norris's continuing where she was, instead of rushing out into the hall as soon as the noises of the arrival reached them.
This was followed by a short silence.
This was not an agreeable intimation.
This was once a very important part of the crowded city outside the ancient walls of the Roman and Mediaeval burg: many of the feudal nobles of the Middle Ages, we are told, had big houses on either side of Holborn.
This was somewhat new to me, this dinner in a church, and I thought of the church-ales of the Middle Ages; but I said nothing, and presently we came out into the road which ran through the village.
This was the claim of recognition and formal status for the Committee of Public Safety, and all the associations which it fostered under its wing.
This was the end of it.
This was their history.
This was towards the close of their walk.
This way, Guest.
This weather is all from the south.
This whole mass of architecture which we had come upon so suddenly from amidst the pleasant fields was not only exquisitely beautiful in itself, but it bore upon it the expression of such generosity and abundance of life that I was exhilarated to a pitch that I had never yet reached.
This will be a material gain.
This will be the last winter of his belonging to us, as he has done.
This will not do.
This will perhaps be made more fully apparent by an illustration we may suppose that a botanist found two well-marked varieties (and suc occur) of the long-styled form of the trimorphic Lythrum salicaria, an that he determined to try by crossing whether they were specificall distinct.
This wish was levelled principally at Julia, who had just applied for permission to go to town with Maria; and as Sir Thomas thought it best for each daughter that the permission should be granted, Lady Bertram, though in her own good-nature she would not have prevented it, was lamenting the change it made in the prospect of Julia's return, which would otherwise have taken place about this time.
This would be the way to Fanny's heart.
This, I feel sure and I speak afte experience, will be no slight relief.
This, as well as I understand, is to be the substance of my information.
This, in fact, is th great bar to the domestication of animals.
This, of course is a wholl incorrect expression, but it serves to acknowledge plainly our ignorance o the cause of each particular variation.
This, though the thought of the moment, did not end with the moment; for the inclination to act was awakened, and in no one more strongly than in him who was now master of the house; and who, having so much leisure as to make almost any novelty a certain good, had likewise such a degree of lively talents and comic taste, as were exactly adapted to the novelty of acting.
This, we know, must be a work of time.
Thither they now went; Mr. Crawford most happy to consider the Miss Prices as his peculiar charge; and before they had been there long, somehow or other, there was no saying how, Fanny could not have believed it, but he was walking between them with an arm of each under his, and she did not know how to prevent or put an end to it.
Thornton Lacey was the name of his impending living, as Miss Crawford well knew; and her interest in a negotiation for William Price's knave increased.
Those are almshouses, built by some of the family.
Those clouds look alarming.
Those cottages are really a disgrace.
Those from the equatorial parts of the world are warm, moist, and comparatively light.
Those lands which were once the colonies of Great Britain, for instance, and especially America - that part of it, above all, which was once the United states - are now and will be for a long while a great resource to us.
Those of our armed men who were still unhurt cheered wildly and opened a scattering fire on the soldiers.
Those parts of the letter which related only to Mr. Crawford and herself, touched her, in comparison, slightly.
Those standing towards the middle are the longest, bein about one-third of an inch in length, and they project fourteen one hundredths of an inch beneath the edge.
Those vile sea-breezes are the ruin of beauty and health.
Those who believ that the geological record is in any degree perfect, will undoubtedly a once reject my theory.
Those who have closely attende to birds in confinement well know that they often take individua preferences and dislikes:  thus Sir R. Heron has described how a pie peacock was eminently attractive to all his hen birds.
Those who have not more must be satisfied with what they have.
Thou shalt not steal, had to be translated into, Thou shalt work in order to live happily.
Though I have no younger sister, I feel for her.
Though I have not seen much of the domestic lives of clergymen, it is seen by too many to leave any deficiency of information.
Though Julia fancies she prefers tragedy, I would not trust her in it.
Though he looked the phantom through and through, and saw it standing before him; though he felt the chilling influence of its death-cold eyes; and marked the very texture of the folded kerchief bound about its head and chin, which wrapper he had not observed before; he was still incredulous, and fought against his senses.
Though indeed it will be a mere kindness on your part, for almost anybody would make as good a guide, and many much better.
Though nature grants lon periods of time for the work of natural selection, she does not grant a indefinite period; for as all organic beings are striving to seize on eac place in the economy of nature, if any one species does not become modifie and improved in a corresponding degree with its competitors it will b exterminated.
Though perhaps you do not know that in the nineteenth century Oxford and its less interesting sister Cambridge became definitely commercial.
Though she was very lightly clad, that was clearly from choice, not from poverty, though these were the first cottage-dwellers I had come across; for her gown was of silk, and on her wrists were bracelets that seemed to me of great value.
Though the church was a small one, there was plenty of room; for a small church makes a biggish house; and on this evening there was no need to set cross tables along the transepts; though doubtless these would be wanted next day, when the learned men of whom Dick has been speaking should be come to take their more humble part in the haymaking.
Though their caution may prove eventually unnecessary, it was kindly meant; and of this you may be assured, that every advantage of affluence will be doubled by the little privations and restrictions that may have been imposed.
Though there were no rough noises to wake me, I could not lie long abed the next morning, where the world seemed so well awake, and, despite the old grumbler, so happy; so I got up, and found that, early as it was, someone had been stirring, since all was trim and in its place in the little parlour, and the table laid for the morning meal.
Though tolerably secure of not seeing Mr. Crawford again, she could not help being low.
Three months comprised thirteen weeks.
Three of the Committee of Public Safety had been slain in Trafalgar Square: of the rest the greater part went back to their old place of meeting, and there awaited the event calmly.
Three of the characters were now cast, besides Mr. Rushworth, who was always answered for by Maria as willing to do anything; when Julia, meaning, like her sister, to be Agatha, began to be scrupulous on Miss Crawford's account.
Three or four Prices might have been swept away, any or all except Fanny and William, and Lady Bertram would have thought little about it; or perhaps might have caught from Mrs. Norris's lips the cant of its being a very happy thing and a great blessing to their poor dear sister Price to have them so well provided for.
Three things appear to affect the mercury in a barometer.
Three years ago the Admiral, my honoured uncle, bought a cottage at Twickenham for us all to spend our summers in; and my aunt and I went down to it quite in raptures; but it being excessively pretty, it was soon found necessary to be improved, and for three months we were all dirt and confusion, without a gravel walk to step on, or a bench fit for use.
Three years ago, this was nothing but a rough hedgerow along the upper side of the field, never thought of as anything, or capable of becoming anything; and now it is converted into a walk, and it would be difficult to say whether most valuable as a convenience or an ornament; and perhaps, in another three years, we may be forgetting - almost forgetting what it was before.
Through all this walked Esther, picking her small steps like a bird, but silent and with a cloud under her thick eyebrows.
Through what agenc the glands over a certain space became more highly specialised than th others, I will not pretend to decide, whether in part through compensatio of growth, the effects of use, or of natural selection.
Throughou a great and open area, not only will there be a better chance of favourabl variations, arising from the large number of individuals of the sam species there supported, but the conditions of life are much more comple from the large number of already existing species; and if some of thes many species become modified and improved, others will have to be improve in a corresponding degree, or they will be exterminated.
Throughout a large part of the United States, erratic boulder and scored rocks plainly reveal a former cold period.
Throughout an enormously large proportion of th ocean, the bright blue tint of the water bespeaks its purity.
Throughout whol classes various structures are formed on the same pattern, and at a ver early age the embryos closely resemble each other.
Throw up  handful of feathers, and all fall to the ground according to definite laws but how simple is the problem where each shall fall compared to that of th action and reaction of the innumerable plants and animals which hav determined, in the course of centuries, the proportional numbers and kind of trees now growing on the old Indian ruins The dependency of one organic being on another, as of a parasite on it prey, lies generally between beings remote in the scale of nature.
Thu extinction and natural selection go hand in hand.
Thu our European Chalk formation can be recognised in many distant regions under the most different climates, where not a fragment of the minera chalk itself can be found; namely, in North America, in equatorial Sout America, in Tierra del Fuego, at the Cape of Good Hope, and in th peninsula of India.
Thu we have fixed spines, with three equi-distant, serrated, movable branches articulated to near their bases; and higher up, on the same spine, thre other movable branches.
Thunder clouds sometimes rise and spread against the wind (lower-current).
Thuret ha observed the same fact with certain sea-weeds or Fuci.
Thursday was the day of the ball; and on Wednesday morning Fanny, still unable to satisfy herself as to what she ought to wear, determined to seek the counsel of the more enlightened, and apply to Mrs. Grant and her sister, whose acknowledged taste would certainly bear her blameless; and as Edmund and William were gone to Northampton, and she had reason to think Mr. Crawford likewise out, she walked down to the Parsonage without much fear of wanting an opportunity for private discussion; and the privacy of such a discussion was a most important part of it to Fanny, being more than half-ashamed of her own solicitude.
Thursday, predestined to hope and enjoyment, came; and opened with more kindness to Fanny than such self-willed, unmanageable days often volunteer, for soon after breakfast a very friendly note was brought from Mr. Crawford to William, stating that as he found himself obliged to go to London on the morrow for a few days, he could not help trying to procure a companion; and therefore hoped that if William could make up his mind to leave Mansfield half a day earlier than had been proposed, he would accept a place in his carriage.
Thus Fritz Muller has made the remarkable discovery that certain shrimp-lik crustaceans (allied to Penoeus) first appear under the simple nauplius form, and after passing through two or more zoea-stages, and then throug the mysis-stage, finally acquire their mature structure:  now in the whol great malacostracan order, to which these crustaceans belong, no othe member is as yet known to be first developed under the nauplius-form though many appear as zoeas; nevertheless Muller assigns reasons for hi belief, that if there had been no suppression of development, all thes crustaceans would have appeared as nauplii.
Thus Graba estimates tha about one-fifth of the guillemots in the Faroe Islands consist of a variet so well marked, that it was formerly ranked as a distinct species under th name of Uria lacrymans.
Thus I can understand how a flower and  bee might slowly become, either simultaneously or one after the other modified and adapted to each other in the most perfect manner, by th continued preservation of all the individuals which presented sligh deviations of structure mutually favourable to each other.
Thus Max Wichura doubts whethe hybrids ever revert to their parent forms, and he experimented o uncultivated species of willows, while Naudin, on the other hand, insist in the strongest terms on the almost universal tendency to reversion i hybrids, and he experimented chiefly on cultivated plants.
Thus Quercus robur has twenty-eigh varieties, all of which, excepting six, are clustered round three sub species, namely Q. pedunculata, sessiliflora and pubescens.
Thus Trautschold gives  number of instances with Ammonites, and Hilgendorf has described a mos curious case of ten graduated forms of Planorbis multiformis in th successive beds of a fresh-water formation in Switzerland.
Thus a distinguished Germa naturalist has asserted that the weakest part of my theory is, that  consider all organic beings as imperfect:  what I have really said is, tha all are not as perfect as they might have been in relation to thei conditions; and this is shown to be the case by so many native forms i many quarters of the world having yielded their places to intrudin foreigners.
Thus also with ants, the several worker-castes ar generally quite distinct; but in some cases, as we shall hereafter see, th castes are connected together by finely graduated varieties.
Thus at last and by slow degrees we got pleasure into our work; then we became conscious of that pleasure, and cultivated it, and took care that we had our fill of it; and then all was gained, and we were happy.
Thus each separate island of the Galapagos Archipelago i tenanted, and the fact is a marvellous one, by many distinct species; bu these species are related to each other in a very much closer manner tha to the inhabitants of the American continent, or of any other quarter o the world.
Thus every gradation, from an ordinary fixed spine t a fixed pedicellariae, would be of service.
Thus fishes still alive are not very rarely dropped a distant points by whirlwinds; and it is known that the ova retain thei vitality for a considerable time after removal from the water.
Thus in most of the Scrophulariaceae the fift stamen is utterly aborted; yet we may conclude that a fifth stamen onc existed, for a rudiment of it is found in many species of the family, an this rudiment occasionally becomes perfectly developed, as may sometimes b seen in the common snap-dragon.
Thus it come that ancient and extinct genera are often in a greater or less degre intermediate in character between their modified descendants, or betwee their collateral relations.
Thus it is known that a cross with  bull-dog has affected for many generations the courage and obstinacy o greyhounds; and a cross with a greyhound has given to a whole family o shepherd-dogs a tendency to hunt hares.
Thus it is rendered possible for the two sexes to be modifie through natural selection in relation to different habits of life, as i sometimes the case; or for one sex to be modified in relation to the othe sex, as commonly occurs.
Thus it is, as I believe, that two or more genera are produced by descen with modification, from two or more species of the same genus.
Thus it is, as I believe, that when the males and females of any anima have the same general habits of life, but differ in structure, colour, o ornament, such differences have been mainly caused by sexual selection: that is, by individual males having had, in successive generations, som slight advantage over other males, in their weapons, means of defence, o charms; which they have transmitted to their male offspring alone.
Thus it ran It is difficult to tell you how I felt as I read these words, and I suppose my face showed how much I was moved, for both my friends looked curiously at me, and there was silence between us for a little while.
Thus it will be under nature; fo within a confined area, with some place in the natural polity not perfectl occupied,  all the individuals varying in the right direction, though i different degrees, will tend to be preserved.
Thus matters hung in the balance; the masters could not reduce their slaves to complete subjection, though they put down some feeble and partial riots easily enough.
Thus much was settled before Edmund, who had been out all the morning, knew anything of the matter; but when he entered the drawing-room before dinner, the buzz of discussion was high between Tom, Maria, and Mr. Yates; and Mr. Rushworth stepped forward with great alacrity to tell him the agreeable news.
Thus passed the week after the great meeting; almost as large a one was held on the Sunday, which went off peaceably on the whole, as no opposition to it was offered, and again the people cried 'victory.' But on the Monday the people woke up to find that they were hungry.
Thus pigs have occasionally been born with a sort of proboscis and if any wild species of the same genus had naturally possessed  proboscis, it might have been argued that this had appeared as  monstrosity; but I have as yet failed to find, after diligent search, case of monstrosities resembling normal structures in nearly allied forms, an these alone bear on the question.
Thus secured against surprise, he took off his cravat; put on his dressing-gown and slippers, and his nightcap; and sat down before the fire to take his gruel.
Thus th embryo comes to be left as a sort of picture, preserved by nature, of th former and less modified condition of the species.
Thus the 'lesson' began.
Thus the appearance of new forms and th disappearance of old forms, both those naturally and artificially produced are bound together.
Thus the child came to be an old man, and his once smooth face was wrinkled, and his steps were slow and feeble, and his back was bent.
Thus the difficulty of an organ, apparentl the same, arising in several remotely allied species, disappears, leavin only the lesser yet still great difficulty:  namely, by what graduate steps these organs have been developed in each separate group of fishes.
Thus the high importance of barrier comes into play by checking migration; as does time for the slow process o modification through natural selection.
Thus the larger gener tend to become larger; and throughout nature the forms of life which ar now dominant tend to become still more dominant by leaving many modifie and dominant descendants.
Thus the main divisions o flowering plants are founded on differences in the embryo - on the numbe and position of the cotyledons, and on the mode of development of th plumule and radicle.
Thus the small differences distinguishing varieties of the same species steadily tend to increase, till they equal the greater differences betwee species of the same genus, or even of distinct genera.
Thus the souther shores of America, Australia, and New Zealand may have become slightl tinted by the same peculiar forms of life.
Thus the specie which lived at the sixth great stage of descent in the diagram are th modified offspring of those which lived at the fifth stage, and are th parents of those which became still more modified at the seventh stage hence they could hardly fail to be nearly intermediate in character betwee the forms of life above and below.
Thus the varieties o modified descendants of the common parent (A), will generally go o increasing in number and diverging in character.
Thus the words which I wrote in 1859, about the existence of living beings long before th Cambrian period, and which are almost the same with those since used by Si W. Logan, have proved true.
Thus the young will not be modified, or will be modified only in  slight degree, through the effects of the increased use or disuse of parts.
Thus to adapt  species to new habits of life, many co-ordinated modifications are almos indispensable, and it may often have happened that the requisite parts di not vary in the right manner or to the right degree.
Thus to return to our imaginary illustration of the flying-fish, it does no seem probable that fishes capable of true flight would have been develope under many subordinate forms, for taking prey of many kinds in many ways on the land and in the water, until their organs of flight had come to  high stage of perfection, so as to have given them a decided advantage ove other animals in the battle for life.
Thus we ca understand the greater size of rudimentary organs in the embryo relativel to the adjoining parts, and their lesser relative size in the adult.
Thus we can easily raise plenty of corn an rape-seed, etc., in our fields, because the seeds are in great exces compared with the number of birds which feed on them; nor can the birds though having a superabundance of food at this one season, increase i number proportionally to the supply of seed, as their numbers are checke during the winter; but any one who has tried knows how troublesome it is t get seed from a few wheat or other such plants in a garden; I have in thi case lost every single seed.
Thus we can understand the identity of many plants at points so immensel remote as the mountains of the United States and those of Europe.
Thus we see that when organic beings are placed under new and unnatura conditions, and when hybrids are produced by the unnatural crossing of tw species, the reproductive system, independently of the general state o health, is affected in a very similar manner.
Thus, I think, we ca understand the presence of some closely allied, still existing and extinc tertiary forms, on the eastern and western shores of temperate Nort America; and the still more striking fact of many closely allie crustaceans (as described in Dana's admirable work), some fish and othe marine animals, inhabiting the Mediterranean and the seas of Japan - thes two areas being now completely separated by the breadth of a whol continent and by wide spaces of ocean.
Thus, Mr. Wallace, who has lately calle attention to the subject, has shown that the females of certain species o butterflies, in the Malayan Archipelago, regularly appear under two or eve three conspicuously distinct forms, not connected by intermediat varieties.
Thus, a Fritz Muller has lately remarked, in the same group of crustaceans Cypridina is furnished with a heart, while in two closely allied genera namely Cypris and Cytherea, there is no such organ; one species o Cypridina has well-developed branchiae, while another species is destitut of them.
Thus, a man who intends keeping pointers naturally tries to ge as good dogs as he can, and afterwards breeds from his own best dogs, bu he has no wish or expectation of permanently altering the breed.
Thus, also it is that continental productions have everywhere become so largel naturalised on islands.
Thus, although Kerguelen Land stands neare to Africa than to America, the plants are related, and that very closely as we know from Dr. Hooker's account, to those of America:  but on the vie that this island has been mainly stocked by seeds brought with earth an stones on icebergs, drifted by the prevailing currents, this anomal disappears.
Thus, as I am inclined t believe, morphological differences, which we consider as important - such a the arrangement of the leaves, the divisions of the flower or of th ovarium, the position of the ovules, etc., first appeared in many cases a fluctuating variations, which sooner or later became constant through th nature of the organism and of the surrounding conditions, as well a through the intercrossing of distinct individuals, but not through natura selection; for as these morphological characters do not affect the welfar of the species, any slight deviations in them could not have been governe or accumulated through this latter agency.
Thus, as I believe, a number of new species descende from one species, that is a new genus, comes to supplant an old genus belonging to the same family.
Thus, as I believe, natural selection will tend in the long run to reduc any part of the organisation, as soon as it becomes, through change habits, superfluous, without by any means causing some other part to b largely developed in a corresponding degree.
Thus, as I believe, species are multiplied and genera are formed.
Thus, as I believe, the most wonderful of all known instincts, that of th hive-bee, can be explained by natural selection having taken advantage o numerous, successive, slight modifications of simpler instincts; natura selection having, by slow degrees, more and more perfectly led the bees t sweep equal spheres at a given distance from each other in a double layer and to build up and excavate the wax along the planes of intersection.
Thus, as I believe, we can understand why, wit domesticated animals, varieties have not been produced which are mutuall sterile; and why with plants only a few such cases, immediately to b given, have been observed.
Thus, as it seems to me, the leading facts in embryology, which are secon to none in importance, are explained on the principle of variations in th many descendants from some one ancient progenitor, having appeared at a no very early period of life, and having been inherited at a correspondin period.
Thus, as it seems to me, the manner in which single species and whol groups of species become extinct accords well with the theory of natura selection.
Thus, as it seems to me, the parallel, and, taken in a large sense simultaneous, succession of the same forms of life throughout the world accords well with the principle of new species having been formed b dominant species spreading widely and varying; the new species thu produced being themselves dominant, owing to their having had som advantage over their already dominant parents, as well as over othe species; and again spreading, varying, and producing new forms.
Thus, community in embryoni structure reveals community of descent; but dissimilarity in embryoni development does not prove discommunity of descent, for in one of tw groups the developmental stages may have been suppressed, or may have bee so greatly modified through adaptation to new habits of life as to be n longer recognisable.
Thus, from the war of nature, from famine and death, the mos exalted object which we are capable of conceiving, namely, the productio of the higher animals, directly follows.
Thus, i Eciton, there are working and soldier neuters, with jaws and instinct extraordinarily different:  in Cryptocerus, the workers of one caste alon carry a wonderful sort of shield on their heads, the use of which is quit unknown:  in the Mexican Myrmecocystus, the workers of one caste neve leave the nest; they are fed by the workers of another caste, and they hav an enormously developed abdomen which secretes a sort of honey, supplyin the place of that excreted by the aphides, or the domestic cattle as the may be called, which our European ants guard and imprison.
Thus, in a country where this kind of clover abounded, it might b a great advantage to the hive-bee to have a slightly longer or differentl constructed proboscis.
Thus, in plants, the office of the pistil is t allow the pollen-tubes to reach the ovules within the ovarium.
Thus, it is wel known to furriers that animals of the same species have thicker and bette fur the further north they live; but who can tell how much of thi difference may be due to the warmest-clad individuals having been favoure and preserved during many generations, and how much to the action of th severe climate?  For it would appear that climate has some direct action o the hair of our domestic quadrupeds.
Thus, on the theory of descent with modification, the main facts wit respect to the mutual affinities of the extinct forms of life to each othe and to living forms, are explained in a satisfactory manner.
Thus, the natural system is genealogical in its arrangement, like  pedigree.
Thus, the south-east and south-west corner of Australia have nearly the same physical conditions, and are united b continuous land, yet they are inhabited by a vast number of distinc mammals, birds, and plants; so it is, according to Mr. Bates, with th butterflies and other animals inhabiting the great, open, and continuou valley of the Amazons.
Thus, the wing of the bat is a most abnorma structure in the class of mammals; but the rule would not apply here because the whole group of bats possesses wings; it would apply only i some one species had wings developed in a remarkable manner in compariso with the other species of the same genus.
Thus, there seems to be little doubt that the stoc of partridges, grouse, and hares on any large estate depends chiefly on th destruction of vermin.
Thus, we ca hardly believe that the webbed feet of the upland goose, or of the frigate bird, are of special use to these birds; we cannot believe that the simila bones in the arm of the monkey, in the fore leg of the horse, in the win of the bat, and in the flipper of the seal, are of special use to thes animals.
Thus, we can account for the fact that all organisms, recent an extinct, are included under a few great orders and under still fewe classes.
Thus, we should have some few species identically th same in the northern and southern temperate zones and on the mountains o the intermediate tropical regions.
Thus, when varieties enter any new station, they occasionally assume som of the characters proper to the species of that station.
Thus, with the avicularia of several species o Lepralia, the movable mandible is so much produced and is so like a bristl that the presence of the upper or fixed beak alone serves to determine it avicularian nature.
Till now, I could not have supposed it possible to be mistaken as to a girl's being out or not.
Till she had shed many tears over this deception, Fanny could not subdue her agitation; and the dejection which followed could only be relieved by the influence of fervent prayers for his happiness.
Till that happened, they continued to talk of Miss Crawford alone, and how she had attached him, and how delightful nature had made her, and how excellent she would have been, had she fallen into good hands earlier.
Time did something, her own exertions something more, and she resumed her attentions to Susan, and again awakened the same interest in them.
Time would undoubtedly abate somewhat of his sufferings, but still it was a sort of thing which he never could get entirely the better of; and as to his ever meeting with any other woman who could -  it was too impossible to be named but with indignation.
Timid, anxious, doubting as she was, it was still impossible that such tenderness as hers should not, at times, hold out the strongest hope of success, though it remained for a later period to tell him the whole delightful and astonishing truth.
To Dick, and I must say to me also, this seemed a strange remedy; and Dick said as much.
To Fanny herself it appeared a very simple and natural circumstance.
To Fanny's mind, Edmund's absence was really, in its cause and its tendency, a relief.
To Fanny, however, who had known too much opposition all her life to find any charm in it, all this was unintelligible.
To Henry Crawford they gave a different feeling.
To Mary it was every way painful.
To a man like me, who have studied the past so diligently, it is a curious and touching sight to see some beautiful girl, daintily clad, and crowned with flowers from the neighbouring meadows, standing amongst the happy people, on some mound where of old time stood the wretched apology for a house, a den in which men and women lived packed amongst the filth like pilchards in a cask; lived in such a way that they could only have endured it, as I said just now, by being degraded out of humanity - to hear the terrible words of threatening and lamentation coming from her sweet and beautiful lips, and she unconscious of their real meaning: to hear her, for instance, singing Hood's Song of the Shirt, and to think that all the time she does not understand what it is all about - a tragedy grown inconceivable to her and her listeners.
To a poor one most.
To admit all this is, as it seems to me, to enter into the realm of miracle, and to leave those of science.
To all she must have saved some trouble of head or hand; and were it only in supporting the spirits of her aunt Bertram, keeping her from the evil of solitude, or the still greater evil of a restless, officious companion, too apt to be heightening danger in order to enhance her own importance, her being there would have been a general good.
To anything like a permanence of abode, or limitation of society, Henry Crawford had, unluckily, a great dislike: he could not accommodate his sister in an article of such importance; but he escorted her, with the utmost kindness, into Northamptonshire, and as readily engaged to fetch her away again, at half an hour's notice, whenever she were weary of the place.
To arrive, however, at a jus conclusion regarding the formation of the eye, with all its marvellous ye not absolutely perfect characters, it is indispensable that the reaso should conquer the imagination; but I have felt the difficulty far t keenly to be surprised at others hesitating to extend the principle o natural selection to so startling a length.
To avoid her aunt, and look for him, she went out.
To be a second time disappointed in the same way was an instance of very severe ill-luck; and his indignation was such, that had it not been for delicacy towards his friend, and his friend's youngest sister, he believed he should certainly attack the baronet on the absurdity of his proceedings, and argue him into a little more rationality.
To be acting! After all his objections - objections so just and so public! After all that she had heard him say, and seen him look, and known him to be feeling.
To be at an early certainty is a material object.
To be called into notice in such a manner, to hear that it was but the prelude to something so infinitely worse, to be told that she must do what was so impossible as to act; and then to have the charge of obstinacy and ingratitude follow it, enforced with such a hint at the dependence of her situation, had been too distressing at the time to make the remembrance when she was alone much less so, especially with the superadded dread of what the morrow might produce in continuation of the subject.
To be distinguished for elegance and accomplishments, the authorised object of their youth, could have had no useful influence that way, no moral effect on the mind.
To be finding herself, perhaps within three days, transported to Mansfield, was an image of the greatest felicity, but it would have been a material drawback to be owing such felicity to persons in whose feelings and conduct, at the present moment, she saw so much to condemn: the sister's feelings, the brother's conduct, her cold-hearted ambition, his thoughtless vanity.
To be going so soon, sent for so kindly, sent for as a comfort, and with leave to take Susan, was altogether such a combination of blessings as set her heart in a glow, and for a time seemed to distance every pain, and make her incapable of suitably sharing the distress even of those whose distress she thought of most.
To be in the centre of such a circle, loved by so many, and more loved by all than she had ever been before; to feel affection without fear or restraint; to feel herself the equal of those who surrounded her; to be at peace from all mention of the Crawfords, safe from every look which could be fancied a reproach on their account.
To be listened to and borne with, and hear the voice of kindness and sympathy in return, was everything that could be done for her.
To be losing such pleasures was no trifle; to be losing them, because she was in the midst of closeness and noise, to have confinement, bad air, bad smells, substituted for liberty, freshness, fragrance, and verdure, was infinitely worse: but even these incitements to regret were feeble, compared with what arose from the conviction of being missed by her best friends, and the longing to be useful to those who were wanting her Could she have been at home, she might have been of service to every creature in the house.
To be neglected before one's time must be very vexatious; but it was entirely the mother's fault.
To be otherwise comforted was out of the question.
To be placed above so many elegant young women! The distinction was too great.
To be relieved from her, therefore, was so great a felicity that, had she not left bitter remembrances behind her, there might have been danger of his learning almost to approve the evil which produced such a good.
To be secure of a partner at first was a most essential good -  for the moment of beginning was now growing seriously near; and she so little understood her own claims as to think that if Mr. Crawford had not asked her, she must have been the last to be sought after, and should have received a partner only through a series of inquiry, and bustle, and interference, which would have been terrible; but at the same time there was a pointedness in his manner of asking her which she did not like, and she saw his eye glancing for a moment at her necklace, with a smile - she thought there was a smile - which made her blush and feel wretched.
To be short, I got into the new-come boat, not a little elated, and taking the sculls, set to work to show off a little.
To be short, the fields were everywhere treated as a garden made for the pleasure as well as the livelihood of all, as old Hammond told me was the case.
To be so near happiness, so near fame, so near the long paragraph in praise of the private theatricals at Ecclesford, the seat of the Right Hon.
To be spared from her aunt Norris's interminable reproaches! he left her in a glow of gratitude.
To be the friend of the poor and the oppressed! Nothing could be more grateful to her; and she was on the point of giving him an approving look, when it was all frightened off by his adding a something too pointed of his hoping soon to have an assistant, a friend, a guide in every plan of utility or charity for Everingham: a somebody that would make Everingham and all about it a dearer object than it had ever been yet.
To begin to understand is to begin to sympathise; for comprehension comes only when we have stated another's faults and virtues in terms of our own.
To call or to fancy it a loss, a disappointment, would be a presumption for which she had not words strong enough to satisfy her own humility.
To compare small things with great; if the principa living and extinct races of the domestic pigeon were arranged in seria affinity, this arrangement would not closely accord with the order in tim of their production, and even less with the order of their disappearance for the parent rock-pigeon still lives; and many varieties between th rock-pigeon and the carrier have become extinct; and carriers which ar extreme in the important character of length of beak originated earlie than short-beaked tumblers, which are at the opposite end of the series i this respect.
To dance without much observation or any extraordinary fatigue, to have strength and partners for about half the evening, to dance a little with Edmund, and not a great deal with Mr. Crawford, to see William enjoy himself, and be able to keep away from her aunt Norris, was the height of her ambition, and seemed to comprehend her greatest possibility of happiness.
To do him justice, however, he did not resolve to appropriate it; for remembering that there was some very good ranting-ground in Frederick, he professed an equal willingness for that.
To engage her early for the two first dances was all the command of individual happiness which he felt in his power, and the only preparation for the ball which he could enter into, in spite of all that was passing around him on the subject, from morning till night.
To explain by a simple example what is meant:  i in a large genus of plants some species had blue flowers and some had red the colour would be only a specific character, and no one would b surprised at one of the blue species varying into red, or conversely; bu if all the species had blue flowers, the colour would become a generi character, and its variation would be a more unusual circumstance.
To explain this you must understand that very great progress had been made amongst the workers, though as before said but little in the direction of improved livelihood.
To find the index correction for s land barometer, comparison with a Standard at any part of the scale a which the mercury may happen to be, is generally considered sufficient.
To giv another instance from the vegetable kingdom:  plants climb by thre distinct means, by spirally twining, by clasping a support with thei sensitive tendrils, and by the emission of aerial rootlets; these thre means are usually found in distinct groups, but some few species exhibi two of the means, or even all three, combined in the same individual.
To give a simple illustration:  the fantail and pouter pigeons are bot descended from the rock-pigeon; if we possessed all the intermediat varieties which have ever existed, we should have an extremely close serie between both and the rock-pigeon; but we should have no varieties directl intermediate between the fantail and pouter; none, for instance, combinin a tail somewhat expanded with a crop somewhat enlarged, the characteristi features of these two breeds.
To give an instance: Mirabilis jalapa can easily be fertilised by the pollen of M. longiflora and the hybrids thus produced are sufficiently fertile; but Kolreuter trie more than two hundred times, during eight following years, to fertilis reciprocally M. longiflora with the pollen of M. jalapa, and utterl failed.
To give one instance out of several which I have observed:   crossed some white fantails, which breed very true, with some black barbs - and it so happens that blue varieties of barbs are so rare that I neve heard of an instance in England; and the mongrels were black, brown an mottled.
To good reading, however, she had been long used: her uncle read well, her cousins all, Edmund very well, but in Mr. Crawford's reading there was a variety of excellence beyond what she had ever met with.
To have him still the acquaintance, the flirt perhaps, of Mrs. Rushworth! She was mortified.
To have seen you grow like the Admiral in word or deed, look or gesture, would have broken my heart.
To have such a fine young man cut off in the flower of his days is most melancholy.
To hear the woman whom -  no harsher name than folly given! So voluntarily, so freely, so coolly to canvass it! No reluctance, no horror, no feminine, shall I say, no modest loathings? This is what the world does.
To her cousins she became occasionally an acceptable companion.
To her he could be nothing under any circumstances; nothing dearer than a friend.
To her he soon turned, repeating much of what he had already said, with only a softened air and stronger expressions of regret.
To her infinite grief she found it was not.
To her she was most injudiciously indulgent.
To her the conference closed as satisfactorily as to him.
To her, the handwriting itself, independent of anything it may convey, is a blessedness.
To herself, individually, it was most tempting.
To his great astonishment the heavy bell went on from six to seven, and from seven to eight, and regularly up to twelve; then stopped.
To illustrate wha I mean:  our English race-horses differ from the horses of every othe breed; but they do not owe their difference and superiority to descent fro any single pair, but to continued care in the selecting and training o many individuals during each generation.
To keep Fanny and the Bertrams from a knowledge of what was passing became his first object.
To keep up a mixed stock of even such extremely close varieties as th variously coloured sweet-peas, they must be each year harvested separately and the seed then mixed in due proportion, otherwise the weaker kinds wil steadily decrease in number and disappear.
To know Fanny to be sought in marriage by a man of fortune, raised her, therefore, very much in her opinion.
To know him in bits and scraps is common enough; to know him pretty thoroughly is, perhaps, not uncommon; but to read him well aloud is no everyday talent.
To love a character is only the heroic way of understanding it.
To me you seem here as if you were living in heaven compared with us of the country from which I came.
To my disappointment, like a change in a dream, a tall old man was holding our horse instead of the beautiful woman.
To my mind it accord better with what we know of the laws impressed on matter by the Creator that the production and extinction of the past and present inhabitants o the world should have been due to secondary causes, like those determinin the birth and death of the individual.
To my surprise I found that out of eighty-seven kinds, sixty four germinated after an immersion of twenty-eight days, and a few survive an immersion of 137 days.
To obviate any charge of undue haste, or an insufficiently considered plan - which may be fairly brought against many novelties - the following testimony to the first published suggestion of such a measure i submitted.
To own the truth, Henry and I were partly driven out this very evening by a disappointment about a green goose, which he could not get the better of.
To prevent its being expected, she had fixed on the smallest habitation which could rank as genteel among the buildings of Mansfield parish, the White House being only just large enough to receive herself and her servants, and allow a spare room for a friend, of which she made a very particular point.
To prompt them must be enough for her; and it was sometimes more than enough; for she could not always pay attention to the book.
To put the whole matter in a word, she was beginning, although ever so slightly, to fall out of love.
To reach the foliage at a considerable heigh (without climbing, for which hoofed animals are singularly ill-constructed implies greatly increased bulk of body; and we know that some areas suppor singularly few large quadrupeds, for instance South America, though it i so luxuriant, while South Africa abounds with them to an unparallele degree.
To refe once again to cirripedes:  the larvae in the first stage have three pair of locomotive organs, a simple single eye, and a probosciformed mouth, wit which they feed largely, for they increase much in size.
To render these pages rather more useful at sea, in any part of the world, a few words about squalls and hurricanes are here offered to the young seaman.
To save herself from useless remonstrance, Mrs. Price never wrote to her family on the subject till actually married.
To say that he was not startled, or that his blood was not conscious of a terrible sensation to which it had been a stranger from infancy, would be untrue.
To say the truth, it was rather amusing to me to see Clara putting herself forward as a town-bred fine lady, for she was as well-knit and clean-skinned a girl as might be met with anywhere at the best.
To see her with her brother! What could more delightfully prove that the warmth of her heart was equal to its gentleness? What could be more encouraging to a man who had her love in view? Then, her understanding was beyond every suspicion, quick and clear; and her manners were the mirror of her own modest and elegant mind.
To see the dingy cloud come drooping down, obscuring everything, one might have thought that Nature lived hard by, and was brewing on a large scale.
To see the expression of her eyes, the change of her complexion, the progress of her feelings, their doubt, confusion, and felicity, was enough.
To show that it ma hereafter receive some explanation, I will give the following hypothesis.
To sit, staring at those fixed glazed eyes, in silence for a moment, would play, Scrooge felt, the very deuce with him.
To such feelings delay, even the delay of much preparation, would have been an evil, and Mr. Rushworth could hardly be more impatient for the marriage than herself.
To sum up on the origin of our domestic races of animals and plants.
To sum up, I believe that species come to be tolerably well-define objects, and do not at any one period present an inextricable chaos o varying and intermediate links:  first, because new varieties are ver slowly formed, for variation is a slow process, and natural selection ca do nothing until favourable individual differences or variations occur, an until a place in the natural polity of the country can be better filled b some modification of some one or more of its inhabitants.
To sum up, as far as the extreme intricacy of the subject permits, th circumstances favourable and unfavourable for the production of new specie through natural selection.
To suppose that the eye with all its inimitable contrivances for adjustin the focus to different distances, for admitting different amounts of light and for the correction of spherical and chromatic aberration, could hav been formed by natural selection, seems, I freely confess, absurd in th highest degree.
To tak one more case:  few instincts are more remarkable than that which leads th swift of the Eastern Islands to make its nest wholly of inspissated saliva.
To take as an illustration th case of the larger titmouse, (Parus major) alluded to in a previou chapter; this bird often holds the seeds of the yew between its feet on  branch, and hammers with its beak till it gets at the kernel.
To take her away, to marry her, to work off his hands for her support, Dick was content to do all this; yet he required some show of love upon her part.
To take what had been the gift of another person, of a brother too, impossible! it must not be! and with an eagerness and embarrassment quite diverting to her companion, she laid down the necklace again on its cotton, and seemed resolved either to take another or none at all.
To talk over the dreadful business with Fanny, talk and lament, was all Lady Bertram's consolation.
To test the marine barometer is a work of much more time, since it is necessary to find the correction for scale readings at about each half inch throughout the range of atmospheric pressure to which it may b exposed; and it becomes necessary to have recourse to artificial mean of changing the pressure of the atmosphere on the surface of the mercur in the cistern.
To test the truth of this anticipation I have arranged the plants of twelv countries, and the coleopterous insects of two districts, into two nearl equal masses, the species of the larger genera on one side, and those o the smaller genera on the other side, and it has invariably proved to b the case that a larger proportion of the species on the side of the large genera presented varieties, than on the side of the smaller genera.
To the education of her daughters Lady Bertram paid not the smallest attention.
To the effects of intercrossing in eliminating variations of all kinds,  shall have to recur; but it may be here remarked that most animals an plants keep to their proper homes, and do not needlessly wander about; w see this even with migratory birds, which almost always return to the sam spot.
To the former she was an interesting object, and he saw with pleasure the general elegance of her appearance, and her being in remarkably good looks.
To the question why we do not find rich fossiliferous deposits belonging t these assumed earliest periods prior to the Cambrian system, I can give n satisfactory answer.
To the right is the steward's house; he is a very respectable man.
To the theatre he went, and reached it just in time to witness the first meeting of his father and his friend.
To the young lady, at least, in each family, it brought very different feelings.
To these may be added the numerical divisions in th parts of the flower, the position of the ovules, the shape of the seed when not of any use for dissemination, etc.
To these short expressions - well known, in practice, to the experienced a very concise but sure rule may be added, for avoiding the central of strongest part of a hurricane, cyclone, typhoon, tornado, or circling storm.
To think of him as Miss Crawford might be justified in thinking, would in her be insanity.
To think only of the licence which every rehearsal must tend to create.
To this 'cheapening of production', as it was called, everything was sacrificed: the happiness of the workman at his work, nay, his most elementary comfort and bare health, his food, his clothes, his dwelling, his leisure, his amusement, his education - his life, in short - did not weigh a grain of sand in the balance against this dire necessity of 'cheap production' of things, a great part of which were not worth producing at all.
To this conclusion Mr. Mivart brings forward two objections.
To this latter agency he seems to attribute all the beautifu adaptations in nature; such as the long neck of the giraffe for browsing o the branches of trees.
To this nest of comforts Fanny now walked down to try its influence on an agitated, doubting spirit, to see if by looking at Edmund's profile she could catch any of his counsel, or by giving air to her geraniums she might inhale a breeze of mental strength herself.
To those who look a climate and the physical conditions of life as the all-important element of distribution, these facts ought to cause surprise, as climate and heigh or depth graduate away insensibly.
To treat this subject properly, a lon catalogue of dry facts ought to be given; but these I shall reserve for  future work.
To-morrow! to leave Portsmouth to-morrow! She was, she felt she was, in the greatest danger of being exquisitely happy, while so many were miserable.
To-night you shall be in London.
To-night, if you have aught to teach me, let me profit by it.
Tolerable sport the first three days, but there has been no attempting anything since.
Tom Bertram had of late spent so little of his time at home that he could be only nominally missed; and Lady Bertram was soon astonished to find how very well they did even without his father, how well Edmund could supply his place in carving, talking to the steward, writing to the attorney, settling with the servants, and equally saving her from all possible fatigue or exertion in every particular but that of directing her letters.
Tom Bertram must have been thought pleasant, indeed, at any rate; he was the sort of young man to be generally liked, his agreeableness was of the kind to be oftener found agreeable than some endowments of a higher stamp, for he had easy manners, excellent spirits, a large acquaintance, and a great deal to say; and the reversion of Mansfield Park, and a baronetcy, did no harm to all this.
Tom Oliver is a very clever fellow, and Charles Maddox is as gentlemanlike a man as you will see anywhere, so I will take my horse early to-morrow morning and ride over to Stoke, and settle with one of them.
Tom dangerously ill, Edmund gone to attend him, and the sadly small party remaining at Mansfield, were cares to shut out every other care, or almost every other.
Tom had gone from London with a party of young men to Newmarket, where a neglected fall and a good deal of drinking had brought on a fever; and when the party broke up, being unable to move, had been left by himself at the house of one of these young men to the comforts of sickness and solitude, and the attendance only of servants.
Tom himself began to fret over the scene-painter's slow progress, and to feel the miseries of waiting.
Tom listened with some shame and some sorrow; but escaping as quickly as possible, could soon with cheerful selfishness reflect, firstly, that he had not been half so much in debt as some of his friends; secondly, that his father had made a most tiresome piece of work of it; and, thirdly, that the future incumbent, whoever he might be, would, in all probability, die very soon.
Tom understood his father's thoughts, and heartily wishing he might be always as well disposed to give them but partial expression, began to see, more clearly than he had ever done before, that there might be some ground of offence, that there might be some reason for the glance his father gave towards the ceiling and stucco of the room; and that when he inquired with mild gravity after the fate of the billiard-table, he was not proceeding beyond a very allowable curiosity.
Tom walked out of the room as he said it, and Edmund was left to sit down and stir the fire in thoughtful vexation.
Tom was engrossed by the concerns of his theatre, and saw nothing that did not immediately relate to it.
Tom was enjoying such an advance towards the end; Edmund was in spirits from the morning's rehearsal, and little vexations seemed everywhere smoothed away.
Tom's amendment was alarmingly slow.
Tom's complaints had been greatly heightened by the shock of his sister's conduct, and his recovery so much thrown back by it, that even Lady Bertram had been struck by the difference, and all her alarms were regularly sent off to her husband; and Julia's elopement, the additional blow which had met him on his arrival in London, though its force had been deadened at the moment, must, she knew, be sorely felt.
Tom's extreme impatience to be removed to Mansfield, and experience those comforts of home and family which had been little thought of in uninterrupted health, had probably induced his being conveyed thither too early, as a return of fever came on, and for a week he was in a more alarming state than ever.
Tom, however, had no mind for such treatment: he came home not to stand and be talked to, but to run about and make a noise; and both boys had soon burst from her, and slammed the parlour-door till her temples ached.
Too late he became aware how unfavourable to the character of any young people must be the totally opposite treatment which Maria and Julia had been always experiencing at home, where the excessive indulgence and flattery of their aunt had been continually contrasted with his own severity.
Too many characters.
Too often, alas! it is so.
Too soon did she find herself at the drawing-room door; and after pausing a moment for what she knew would not come, for a courage which the outside of no door had ever supplied to her, she turned the lock in desperation, and the lights of the drawing-room, and all the collected family, were before her.
Top couple, too; with a good stiff piece of work cut out for them; three or four and twenty pair of partners; people who were not to be trifled with; people who would dance, and had no notion of walking.
Toward any place from which the air has been drawn by suction, air presses with a force or weight of nearly fifteen pounds on a square inch of surface.
Trafalgar Square had no body of police in it; the people took quiet possession of it, and the meeting began.
Tragedy may be your choice, but it will certainly appear that comedy chuses you.
True enough, he had once seen Fanny dance; and it was equally true that he would now have answered for her gliding about with quiet, light elegance, and in admirable time; but, in fact, he could not for the life of him recall what her dancing had been, and rather took it for granted that she had been present than remembered anything about her.
Truly, the remorse was exaggerated; but it was quite clear that the slayer took the whole consequences of the act upon himself, and did not expect society to whitewash him by punishing him.
Turning for a brief space to animals:  various terrestrial species ar hermaphrodites, such as the land-mollusca and earth-worms; but these al pair.
Turning t the Invertebrata, Barrande asserts, a higher authority could not be named that he is every day taught that, although palaeozoic animals can certainl be classed under existing groups, yet that at this ancient period th groups were not so distinctly separated from each other as they now are.
Turning to another group of the same family.
Turning to geographical distribution, the difficulties encountered on th theory of descent with modification are serious enough.
Turning to plants, Dr. Hooker has show that in the Galapagos Islands the proportional numbers of the differen orders are very different from what they are elsewhere.
Turning to the sea, we find the same law.
Twelve He touched the spring of his repeater, to correct this most preposterous clock.
Twelve! It was past two when he went to bed.
Twice had Sir Thomas inquired into the enjoyment and success of his lady, but in vain; no pause was long enough for the time his measured manner needed; and very little of her state could be known till Mrs. Grant was able, at the end of the first rubber, to go to her and pay her compliments.
Two canine animals, in a time of dearth, may be truly said t struggle with each other which shall get food and live.
Two lines more prized had never fallen from the pen of the most distinguished author - never more completely blessed the researches of the fondest biographer.
Two lines of rails, a wagon shed, and a few telegraph posts, alone diversified the outlook.
Two months is an ample allowance; I should think six weeks quite enough.
Two of them were hunters; the third, a useful road-horse: this third he resolved to exchange for one that his cousin might ride; he knew where such a one was to be met with; and having once made up his mind, the whole business was soon completed.
Two play on the pianoforte, and one on the harp; and all sing, or would sing if they were taught, or sing all the better for not being taught; or something like it.
Two posts came in, and brought no refutation, public or private.
Two tumblers, and a custard-cup without a handle.
Two windows, one looking to the east, one to the south, gave them two solar years of different length, the second mingling with the first, the first succeeding again to the second after an interval of darkness.
Ultimately afte the lapse of centuries, these sub-breeds would become converted into tw well-established and distinct breeds.
Uncle Scrooge! Uncle Scrooge had imperceptibly become so gay and light of heart, that he would have pledged the unconscious company in return, and thanked them in an inaudible speech, if the Ghost had given him time.
Unde domestication, it may truly be said that the whole organisation becomes i some degree plastic.
Unde such circumstances the swiftest and slimmest wolves have the best chance o surviving, and so be preserved or selected, provided always that the retained strength to master their prey at this or some other period of th year, when they were compelled to prey on other animals.
Under a scientific point of view, and as leading to further investigation but little advantage is gained by believing that new forms are suddenl developed in an inexplicable manner from old and widely different forms over the old belief in the creation of species from the dust of the earth.
Under any circumstances it would have been an unwelcome alliance; but to have it so clandestinely formed, and such a period chosen for its completion, placed Julia's feelings in a most unfavourable light, and severely aggravated the folly of her choice.
Under changed conditions of life, it is at leas possible that slight modifications of instinct might be profitable to  species; and if it can be shown that instincts do vary ever so little, the I can see no difficulty in natural selection preserving and continuall accumulating variations of instinct to any extent that was profitable.
Under domestication monstrositie sometimes occur which resemble normal structures in widely differen animals.
Under domestication w see much variability, caused, or at least excited, by changed conditions o life; but often in so obscure a manner, that we are tempted to consider th variations as spontaneous.
Under free nature we have no standard of comparison by which t judge of the effects of long-continued use or disuse, for we know not th parent-forms; but many animals possess structures which can be bes explained by the effects of disuse.
Under genera, including the most polymorphic forms Mr. Babington gives 251 species, whereas Mr. Bentham gives only 112 -  difference of 139 doubtful forms!  Among animals which unite for eac birth, and which are highly locomotive, doubtful forms, ranked by on zoologist as a species and by another as a variety, can rarely be foun within the same country, but are common in separated areas.
Under his government, Mansfield was an altered place.
Under nature the process will be far more complicated than is represente in the diagram; for the groups will have been more numerous; they will hav endured for extremely unequal lengths of time, and will have been modifie in various degrees.
Under nature, the slightest differences o structure or constitution may well turn the nicely-balanced scale in th struggle for life, and so be preserved.
Under this infatuating principle, counteracted by no real affection for her sister, it was impossible for her to aim at more than the credit of projecting and arranging so expensive a charity; though perhaps she might so little know herself as to walk home to the Parsonage, after this conversation, in the happy belief of being the most liberal-minded sister and aunt in the world.
Under this point of view the productions of Great Britain stand much higher in the scale than thos of New Zealand.
Undoubtedly many cases occur in which we cannot explain how th same species could have passed from one point to the other.
Undoubtedly there are many cases of extrem difficulty in understanding how the same species could possibly hav migrated from some one point to the several distant and isolated points where now found.
Undoubtedly there is one most important point of difference betwee varieties and species, namely, that the amount of difference betwee varieties, when compared with each other or with their parent-species, i much less than that between the species of the same genus.
Undoubtedly, if one species has any advantage ove another, it will in a very brief time wholly or in part supplant it; but i both are equally well fitted for their own places, both will probably hol their separate places for almost any length of time.
Unfavourable circumstances had suddenly arisen at a moment when he was beginning to turn all his thoughts towards England; and the very great uncertainty in which everything was then involved determined him on sending home his son, and waiting the final arrangement by himself Tom arrived safely, bringing an excellent account of his father's health; but to very little purpose, as far as Mrs. Norris was concerned.
Unfortunately we have no means of determining according to the standard of years, how long a period it takes to modify  species; but to the subject of time we must return.
Unintentionally he exposes organic beings to new and changin conditions of life, and variability ensues; but similar changes o conditions might and do occur under nature.
Unless favourable variations be inherited by some at leas of the offspring, nothing can be effected by natural selection.
Unless such attention be paid nothing can be effected.
Unless such occur, natural selectio can do nothing.
Unless we admit transformations as prodigious as those advocated by Mr. Mivart, such as the sudden development of the wings of birds or bats, o the sudden conversion of a Hipparion into a horse, hardly any light i thrown by the belief in abrupt modifications on the deficiency o connecting links in our geological formations.
Until I tried, with Mr. Berkeley's aid, a few experiments it was not even known how far seeds could resist the injurious action o sea-water.
Until becoming acquainted with these facts, I was unwilling to believe i the frequent early death of hybrid embryos; for hybrids, when once born are generally healthy and long-lived, as we see in the case of the commo mule.
Until recently the great majority of naturalists believed tha species were immutable productions, and had been separately created.
Until recently the instincts of the European and of the non parasitic American cuckoo alone were known; now, owing to Mr. Ramsay' observations, we have learned something about three Australian species which lay their eggs in other birds' nests.
Up Scrooge went, not caring a button for that.
Up at the League, says a friend, there had been one night a brisk conversational discussion, as to what would happen on the Morrow of the Revolution, finally shading off into a vigorous statement by various friends of their views on the future of the fully-developed new society.
Up jumped Susan, claiming it as her own, and trying to get it away; but the child ran to her mother's protection, and Susan could only reproach, which she did very warmly, and evidently hoping to interest Fanny on her side.
Up to that moment, she had observed nothing amiss in Dick's behaviour.
Up went the sun at last out of a bank of clouds that were already disbanding in the east; a herald wind had already sprung up to sweep the leafy earth and scatter the congregated dewdrops.
Upon her disposition he believed kindness might be the best way of working.
Upon my representation of what you were suffering, he immediately, and with the greatest delicacy, ceased to urge to see you for the present.
Upon the floor within, were piled up heaps of rusty keys, nails, chains, hinges, files, scales, weights, and refuse iron of all kinds.
Upon the groom's countenance there began to grow up an expression as of one about to whistle.
Upon the whole, Julia was in the best looks of the two, at least after you were spoken of.
Upon the whole, it was a comfortable winter to her; for though it brought no William to England, the never-failing hope of his arrival was worth much.
Upon the whole, it was a very joyous note.
Use them! Well, yes, they are used for a sort of subsidiary market, and a storage place for manure, and they are handy for that, being on the waterside.
Useful organs, however little they may be developed, unless we have reaso to suppose that they were formerly more highly developed, ought not to b considered as rudimentary.
Useless idiots! Come, now, I am a 'literary man,' as we queer animals used to be called, yet I am a pretty good cook myself.
Usually foretells less wind or rain, a falling barometer more rain or wind, or both; a high one fine weather, and a low, the contrary.
Van Mons, in hi treatise on pears and apples, shows how utterly he disbelieves that th several sorts, for instance a Ribston-pippin or Codlin-apple, could eve have proceeded from the seeds of the same tree.
Van Tromp began to understand.
Van Tromp is no more.
Van Tromp laughed gaily, shook hands up to the elbows, hoped cordially they would meet again and that often, but looked after Dick as he departed with a tremor of indignation.
Van Tromp snapped his fingers.
Van Tromp was himself again, and in a most delightful humour within three minutes of the first explosion.
Van Tromp was naturally the first to recover; he put out his hand with a fine gesture.
Van Tromp's countenance fell several degrees; he became quite querulous.
Van Tromp's daughter! The Admiral's daughter! I delight in that name.
Van Tromp's egotism, flown with drink, struck a pitch above mere vanity.
Variability  -  Individual differences  -  Doubtful species  -  Wide ranging much diffused, and common species, vary most  -  Species of the large genera in each country vary more frequently than the species of the smalle genera  -  Many of the species of the larger genera resemble varieties i being very closely, but unequally, related to each other, and in havin restricted ranges.
Variability i the same parts of the organisation has generally been taken advantage of i giving secondary sexual differences to the two sexes of the same species and specific differences to the several species of the same genus.
Variability is governed by many complex laws by correlated growth, compensation, the increased use and disuse of parts and the definite action of the surrounding conditions.
Variability is governed by many unknown laws, of whic correlated growth is probably the most important.
Variability is not actually caused by man; he only unintentionally expose organic beings to new conditions of life and then nature acts on th organisation and causes it to vary.
Variations neithe useful nor injurious would not be affected by natural selection, and woul be left either a fluctuating element, as perhaps we see in certai polymorphic species, or would ultimately become fixed, owing to the natur of the organism and the nature of the conditions.
Varieties generally hav much restricted ranges.
Variety m1 i supposed to have produced two varieties, namely m2 and s2, differing fro each other, and more considerably from their common parent (A).
Various special difficulties also remain to be solved; for instance, th occurrence, as shown by Dr. Hooker, of the same plants at points s enormously remote as Kerguelen Land, New Zealand, and Fuegia; but icebergs as suggested by Lyell, may have been concerned in their dispersal.
Varnish and gilding hide many stains.
Vereins der Preuss.
Very different from you, miss, when you first began, six years ago come next Easter.
Very many of the marine inhabitants of the archipelago now range thousand of miles beyond its confines; and analogy plainly leads to the belief tha it would be chiefly these far-ranging species, though only some of them which would oftenest produce new varieties; and the varieties would a first be local or confined to one place, but if possessed of any decide advantage, or when further modified and improved, they would slowly sprea and supplant their parent-forms.
Very quiet.
Very soon after the Rushworths' return to Wimpole Street, Sir Thomas had received a letter from an old and most particular friend in London, who hearing and witnessing a good deal to alarm him in that quarter, wrote to recommend Sir Thomas's coming to London himself, and using his influence with his daughter to put an end to the intimacy which was already exposing her to unpleasant remarks, and evidently making Mr. Rushworth uneasy.
Very uncomfortable she was, and must continue, till she heard from Miss Crawford again.
Vessels sometimes enter docks, or even harbours, where they have scarcely a foot of water more than their draught; and as docking, as well as launching large ships, requires a close calculation of height of water, the state of the barometer becomes of additional importance of such occasions.
Vexed as Edmund was with his mother and aunt, he was still more angry with himself.
Vincent long ago remarked that Batrachians (frogs, toads, newts are never found on any of the many islands with which the great oceans ar studded.
Vincent, Burdach, Poiret and Fries, hav all admitted that new species are continually being produced.
Visions of good and ill breeding, of old vulgarisms and new gentilities, were before her; and she was meditating much upon silver forks, napkins, and finger-glasses.
Von Baer's standard seems the most widely applicable and the best, namely the amount of differentiation of the parts of the same organic being, i the adult state, as I should be inclined to add, and their specialisatio for different functions; or, as Milne Edwards would express it, th completeness of the division of physiological labour.
W behold the face of nature bright with gladness, we often see superabundanc of food; we do not see or we forget that the birds which are idly singin round us mostly live on insects or seeds, and are thus constantl destroying life; or we forget how largely these songsters, or their eggs or their nestlings, are destroyed by birds and beasts of prey; we do no always bear in mind, that, though food may be now superabundant, it is no so at all seasons of each recurring year.
W continually forget how large the world is, compared with the area ove which our geological formations have been carefully examined; we forge that groups of species may elsewhere have long existed, and have slowl multiplied, before they invaded the ancient archipelagoes of Europe and th United States.
W have also already seen that there is the closest similarity in all respect between first illegitimate unions and first crosses between distinc species.
W know also that a cross between the distinct individuals of the sam variety, and between distinct varieties, increases the number of thei offspring, and certainly gives to them increased size and vigour.
W know that this instrument has been perfected by the long-continued effort of the highest human intellects; and we naturally infer that the eye ha been formed by a somewhat analogous process.
W may suppose that the numbered letters in italics represent genera, and th dotted lines diverging from them the species in each genus.
W might have taken the case of insects visiting flowers for the sake o collecting pollen instead of nectar; and as pollen is formed for the sol purpose of fertilisation, its destruction appears to be a simple loss t the plant; yet if a little pollen were carried, at first occasionally an then habitually, by the pollen-devouring insects from flower to flower, an a cross thus effected, although nine-tenths of the pollen were destroyed i might still be a great gain to the plant to be thus robbed; and th individuals which produced more and more pollen, and had larger anthers would be selected.
W see something of the same kind even with our domestic varieties, as in th strikingly similar shape of the body in the improved breeds of the Chines and common pig, which are descended from distinct species; and in th similarly thickened stems of the common and specifically distinct Swedis turnip.
W see the same fact in the great difference between the inhabitants o Australia, Africa, and South America under the same latitude; for thes countries are almost as much isolated from each other as is possible.
W shall, also, presently see that the tail is a highly useful prehensil organ to some of the species; and its use would be much influence by it length.
W should also remember that many fresh-water productions are low in the scal of nature, and we have reason to believe that such beings become modifie more slowly than the high; and this will give time for the migration o aquatic species.
W should keep in mind, as I have before insisted, that the inherited effect of the increased use of parts, and perhaps of their disuse, will b strengthened by natural selection.
W. Ellio from India, and by the Hon.
Wading birds, whic frequent the muddy edges of ponds, if suddenly flushed, would be the mos likely to have muddy feet.
Wait half a minute till I have swept down this row.
Wallace and Trimen have likewise described several equally strikin cases of imitation in the Lepidoptera of the Malay Archipelago and Africa and with some other insects.
Walled in by houses; overrun by grass and weeds, the growth of vegetation's death, not life; choked up with too much burying; fat with repleted appetite.
Walter Allen, Dick's friend, was leaning against the jamb of the doorway waiting for us, and took us into the hall without overplus of words.
Walter and Clara were already talking to a tall man clad in his mason's blouse, who looked about forty, but was I daresay older, who had his mallet and chisel in hand; there were at work in the shed and on the scaffold about half a dozen men and two women, blouse-clad like the carles, while a very pretty woman who was not in the work but was dressed in an elegant suit of blue linen came sauntering up to us with her knitting in her hand.
Wandering savages or the inhabitants of open plains rarely possess mor than one breed of the same species.
Wares were displayed in their finely designed fronts, as if to tempt people in, and people stood and looked at them, or went in and came out with parcels under their arms, just like the real thing.
Warmed by the sight of such a friend to her son, and regulated by the wish of appearing to advantage before him, she was overflowing with gratitude - artless, maternal gratitude -  which could not be unpleasing.
Was it part of your last sermon? At this rate you will soon reform everybody at Mansfield and Thornton Lacey; and when I hear of you next, it may be as a celebrated preacher in some great society of Methodists, or as a missionary into foreign parts.' She tried to speak carelessly, but she was not so careless as she wanted to appear.
Was not he devoted to you at the ball? And then before the ball, the necklace! Oh! you received it just as it was meant.
Was she right in refusing what was so warmly asked, so strongly wished for - what might be so essential to a scheme on which some of those to whom she owed the greatest complaisance had set their hearts? Was it not ill-nature, selfishness, and a fear of exposing herself? And would Edmund's judgment, would his persuasion of Sir Thomas's disapprobation of the whole, be enough to justify her in a determined denial in spite of all the rest? It would be so horrible to her to act that she was inclined to suspect the truth and purity of her own scruples; and as she looked around her, the claims of her cousins to being obliged were strengthened by the sight of present upon present that she had received from them.
Was the house to be closed against him? Was Esther left alone, or had some new protector made his appearance from among the millions of Europe? It is the character of love to loathe the near relatives of the loved one; chapters in the history of the human race have justified this feeling, and the conduct of uncles, in particular, has frequently met with censure from the independent novelist.
Was there one of the family, excepting Edmund, who had not in some way or other continually exercised her patience and forbearance? Her affections were evidently strong.
We all agreed that it could not be offered to anybody else.
We all stopped to receive her.
We are also led to this same conclusion by considerin reciprocal crosses, in which the male of one species cannot be united, o can be united with great difficulty, with the female of a second species while the converse cross can be effected with perfect facility.
We are as yet profoundly ignorant o the many occasional means of transport.
We are concerne only with the diversities of instinct and of the other mental faculties i animals of the same class.
We are far from precisely knowing the cause; nor is this surprising, seein how profoundly ignorant we are in regard to the normal and abnormal actio of the reproductive system.
We are ignorant of the exciting cause o the above specified modifications; but if the unknown cause were to ac almost uniformly for a length of time, we may infer that the result woul be almost uniform; and in this case all the individuals of the specie would be modified in the same manner.
We are ignorant with respec to the conditions which determine the numbers and range of each species and we cannot even conjecture what changes of structure would be favourabl to its increase in some new country.
We are men of the world, you and I, and in Paris, in the heart of civilised existence.
We are next led to enquire what reason can be assigned for certai butterflies and moths so often assuming the dress of another and quit distinct form; why, to the perplexity of naturalists, has natur condescended to the tricks of the stage?  Mr. Bates has, no doubt, hit o the true explanation.
We are not a lively party.
We are not either fidgety or quarrelsome now, but if any one tried such a piece of folly on us, we should use the said waterways, whoever gaidsaid us: surely that would be simple enough.
We are often wholly unable even to conjecture ho this could have been effected.
We are profoundly ignorant of the cause of each slight variation o individual difference; and we are immediately made conscious of this b reflecting on the differences between the breeds of our domesticate animals in different countries, more especially in the less civilize countries, where there has been but little methodical selection.
We are reminded by this latter fact of the extraordinary cases o Hippeastrum, Passiflora, etc., which seed much more freely when fertilise with the pollen of a distinct species than when fertilised with pollen fro the same plant.
We are so much accustomed to see a difference in structure between th embryo and the adult, that we are tempted to look at this difference as i some necessary manner contingent on growth.
We are sometimes a little in want of animation among ourselves: my sisters seem out of spirits, and Tom is certainly not at his ease.
We are thus brought to the question which has been largely discussed b naturalists, namely, whether species have been created at one or mor points of the earth's surface.
We are warned against bad judgments; but the Admiral was certainly not sober.
We ascend the lofty peaks of the Cordillera, and we find an alpine specie of bizcacha; we look to the waters, and we do not find the beaver o muskrat, but the coypu and capybara, rodents of the South American type.
We bespeak your indulgence, you understand, as young performers; we bespeak your indulgence.
We both thought it would be a comfort to you.
We ca clearly see why the organic remains of closely consecutive formations ar closely allied; for they are closely linked together by generation.
We ca clearly see why the remains of an intermediate formation are intermediat in character.
We ca see how useful their production may have been to a social community o ants, on the same principle that the division of labour is useful t civilised man.
We ca sometimes see the reason why one tree will not take on another fro differences in their rate of growth, in the hardness of their wood, in th period of the flow or nature of their sap, etc.; but in a multitude o cases we can assign no reason whatever.
We ca thus also understand the fact that the Alpine plants of each mountain-rang are more especially related to the arctic forms living due north or nearl due north of them:  for the first migration when the cold came on, and th re-migration on the returning warmth, would generally have been due sout and north.
We came just here on a gang of men road-mending which delayed us a little; but I was not sorry for it; for all I had seen hitherto seemed a mere part of a summer holiday; and I wanted to see how this folk would set to on a piece of real necessary work.
We came on many groups both coming and going, or wandering in the edges of the wood.
We came presently into a large open space, sloping somewhat toward the south, the sunny site of which had been taken advantage of for planting an orchard, mainly, as I could see, of apricot-trees, in the midst of which was a pretty gay little structure of wood, painted and gilded, that looked like a refreshment-stall.
We can best gain some idea of past time by knowin the agencies at work; and learning how deeply the surface of the land ha been denuded, and how much sediment has been deposited.
We can carry up your things, or send some of the lads after them.
We can clearly discern this in the case of animals with simple habits.
We can clearly see how it is that all living and extinct forms ca be grouped together within a few great classes; and how the several member of each class are connected together by the most complex and radiatin lines of affinities.
We can clearly see why all th inhabitants of an archipelago, though specifically distinct on the severa islets, should be closely related to each other, and should likewise b related, but less closely, to those of the nearest continent, or othe source whence immigrants might have been derived.
We can clearly understand why a species when once lost should neve reappear, even if the very same conditions of life, organic and inorganic should recur.
We can dimly see why the competition should be most severe between allie forms, which fill nearly the same place in the economy of nature; bu probably in no one case could we precisely say why one species has bee victorious over another in the great battle of life.
We can further understand th singular fact remarked on by several observers that the productions o Europe and America during the later tertiary stages were more closel related to each other than they are at the present time; for during thes warmer periods the northern parts of the Old and New Worlds will have bee almost continuously united by land, serving as a bridge, since rendere impassable by cold, for the intermigration of their inhabitants.
We can here consider only a few cases; of these, some of th most difficult to explain are presented by fish.
We can not suppose that all the breeds were suddenly produce as perfect and as useful as we now see them; indeed, in many cases, we kno that this has not been their history.
We can now see that most of these claims were of themselves not worth either demanding or resisting; but they were looked on at that time as most important, and they were at least tokens of revolt against the miserable system of life which was then beginning to tumble to pieces.
We can perhap understand the apparently quicker rate of change in terrestrial and in mor highly organised productions compared with marine and lower productions, b the more complex relations of the higher beings to their organic an inorganic conditions of life, as explained in a former chapter.
We can se why, in islands, there should be some relation between the presence o mammals, in a more or less modified condition, and the depth of the se between such islands and the mainland.
We can see that any form which is represented b few individuals will run a good chance of utter extinction, during grea fluctuations in the nature or the seasons, or from a temporary increase i the number of its enemies.
We can see why characters derived from the embryo should be of equa importance with those derived from the adult, for a natural classificatio of course includes all ages.
We can see why there should be so striking a parallelism i the distribution of organic beings throughout space, and in thei geological succession throughout time; for in both cases the beings hav been connected by the bond of ordinary generation, and the means o modification have been the same.
We can see why throughout natur the same general end is gained by an almost infinite diversity of means for every peculiarity when once acquired is long inherited, and structure already modified in many different ways have to be adapted for the sam general purpose.
We can see why whol groups of organisms, as batrachians and terrestrial mammals, should b absent from oceanic islands, whilst the most isolated islands shoul possess their own peculiar species of aerial mammals or bats.
We can see why, if ther exist very closely allied or representative species in two areas, howeve distant from each other, some identical species will almost always there b found.
We can so far take a prophetic glanc into futurity as to foretell that it will be the common and widely sprea species, belonging to the larger and dominant groups within each class which will ultimately prevail and procreate new and dominant species.
We can thu understand why nature moves by graduated steps in endowing differen animals of the same class with their several instincts.
We can thus also understand the apparent paradox, tha the very same characters are analogical when one group is compared wit another, but give true affinities when the members of the same group ar compared together:  thus the shape of the body and fin-like limbs are onl analogical when whales are compared with fishes, being adaptations in bot classes for swimming through the water; but between the  the severa members of the whale family, the shape of the body and the fin-like limb offer characters exhibiting true affinity; for as these parts are so nearl similar throughout the whole family, we cannot doubt that they have bee inherited from a common ancestor.
We can thus understan the high importance of barriers, whether of land or water, in not onl separating but in apparently forming the several zoological and botanica provinces.
We can thus understand how it i that new species come in slowly and successively; how species of differen classes do not necessarily change together, or at the same rate, or in th same degree; yet in the long run that all undergo modification to som extent.
We can thus understand the concentration of related specie within the same areas; and how it is that under different latitudes, fo instance, in South America, the inhabitants of the plains and mountains, o the forests, marshes, and deserts, are linked together in so mysterious  manner, and are likewise linked to the extinct beings which formerl inhabited the same continent.
We can thus, as I infer from Professor Owen's interesting description o these parts, understand the strange fact that every particle of food an drink which we swallow has to pass over the orifice of the trachea, wit some risk of falling into the lungs, notwithstanding the beautifu contrivance by which the glottis is closed.
We can to a certain extent understand how it is that there is so muc beauty throughout nature; for this may be largely attributed to the agenc of selection.
We can understand how it is that all the forms of life, ancient and recent make together a few grand classes.
We can understand how it is that dominant forms which spread widely an yield the greatest number of varieties tend to people the world wit allied, but modified, descendants; and these will generally succeed i displacing the groups which are their inferiors in the struggle fo existence.
We can understand why a species or a group of species may depart from it allies, in several of its most important characteristics, and yet be safel classed with them.
We can understand why we value certain resemblance far more than others; why we use rudimentary and useless organs, or other of trifling physiological importance; why, in finding the relations betwee one group and another, we summarily reject analogical or adaptiv characters, and yet use these same characters within the limits of the sam group.
We can understand why, when a species ha once disappeared, it never reappears.
We can understand, from the continue tendency to divergence of character, why the more ancient a form is, th more it generally differs from those now living.
We can understand, on the above views, the very important distinctio between real affinities and analogical or adaptive resemblances.
We can, I think account for this fact only by looking at aberrant groups as forms whic have been conquered by more successful competitors, with a few member still preserved under unusually favourable conditions.
We can, I think, further understand the frequently abnormal character o our domestic races, and likewise their differences being so great i external characters, and relatively so slight in internal parts or organs.
We can, I think, see why the geological formations of each region ar almost invariably intermittent; that is, have not followed each other i close sequence.
We can, however, see in a genera manner that various causes might have interfered with the development of  long neck or proboscis.
We can, in short, see why nature is prodigal in variety though niggard in innovation.
We cannot attempt to defend Dr. Grant.
We cannot doubt that each structure is of use to each kind o squirrel in its own country, by enabling it to escape birds or beasts o prey, or to collect food more quickly, or, as there is reason to believe to lessen the danger from occasional falls.
We cannot have two Agathas, and we must have one Cottager's wife; and I am sure I set her the example of moderation myself in being satisfied with the old Butler.
We cannot hope to explain such facts, until we can say why on species and not another becomes naturalised by man's agency in a foreig land; why one species ranges twice or thrice as far, and is twice or thric as common, as another species within their own homes.
We cannot maintai that such species have been created alike, in correspondence with th nearly similar physical conditions of the areas; for if we compare, fo instance, certain parts of South America with parts of South Africa o Australia, we see countries closely similar in all their physica conditions, with their inhabitants utterly dissimilar.
We cannot say why certai species and not others have migrated; why certain species have bee modified and have given rise to new forms, while others have remaine unaltered.
We cannot, for instance, suppose that i the embryos of the vertebrata the peculiar loop-like courses of th arteries near the branchial slits are related to similar conditions - in th young mammal which is nourished in the womb of its mother, in the egg o the bird which is hatched in a nest, and in the spawn of a frog unde water.
We care not how trifling a character may be - let it be the mere inflectio of the angle of the jaw, the manner in which an insect's wing is folded whether the skin be covered by hair or feathers - if it prevail throughou many and different species, especially those having very different habit of life, it assumes high value; for we can account for its presence in s many forms with such different habits, only by inheritance from a commo parent.
We choose this time, because it is a time, of all others, when want is keenly felt, and abundance rejoices.
We clearly see this in the fossil remains from consecutiv formations invariably being much more closely related to each other tha are the fossils from widely separated formations.
We clearly see why species belonging to thos groups of animals which cannot cross wide spaces of the ocean, as frogs an terrestrial mammals, do not inhabit oceanic islands; and why, on the othe hand, new and peculiar species of bats, animals which can traverse th ocean, are often found on islands far distant from any continent.
We could hardly go but fair and softly all the way, as there were a great many people abroad in that cool hour.
We could not, as I have said, define the several groups; but we could pic out types, or forms, representing most of the characters of each group whether large or small, and thus give a general idea of the value of th differences between them.
We crossed the causeway this time, and did not turn back to the house, but went along a path beside a field of wheat now almost ready to blossom.
We crossed the road into a short narrow lane between the gardens, and came out again into a wide road, on one side of which was a great and long building, turning its gables away from the highway, which I saw at once was another public group.
We crossed the road, and again almost without my will my hand raised the latch of a door in the wall, and we stood presently on a stone path which led up to the old house to which fate in the shape of Dick had so strangely brought me in this new world of men.
We did a vast deal in that way at the Parsonage: we made it quite a different place from what it was when we first had it.
We did very well without them.
We do not choose to give the lie to Mr. Naseby, for we are too well aware of the consequences; but we shall venture instead to print the facts of both cases referred to by this red-hot partisan in another portion of our issue.
We do not deceive ourselves, indeed, or believe that we can get rid of all the trouble that besets the dealings between the sexes.
We do not expect perfection.
We do not know all the possible transitiona gradations between the simplest and the most perfect organs; it cannot b pretended that we know all the varied means of Distribution during the lon lapse of years, or that we know how imperfect is the Geological Record.
We do not know that even th most prolific area is fully stocked with specific forms:  at the Cape o Good Hope and in Australia, which support such an astonishing number o species, many European plants have become naturalised.
We do not look in great cities for our best morality.
We do not make due allowance for the enormous intervals o time which have elapsed between our consecutive formations, longer perhap in many cases than the time required for the accumulation of eac formation.
We do not want your present services.
We drew back a little, and looked up at the house: the door and the windows were open to the fragrant sun-cured air; from the upper window-sills hung festoons of flowers in honour of the festival, as if the others shared in the love for the old house.
We drove through the quadrangle and by an archway, into a large handsome stable on the other side, where we speedily stalled the old nag and made him happy with horse-meat, and then turned and walked back again through the market, Dick looking rather thoughtful, as it seemed to me.
We find similar relation between the existing inhabitants of distinct countries; for instance, th land-shells and coleopterous insects of Madeira have come to diffe considerably from their nearest allies on the continent of Europe, wherea the marine shells and birds have remained unaltered.
We find, in short, such evidence of the slow and scarcely sensibl mutations of specific forms, as we have the right to expect.
We forget how small the area of Europe is compare with the rest of the world; nor have the several stages of the sam formation throughout Europe been correlated with perfect accuracy.
We go down hill to it for half a mile, and it is a pity, for it would not be an ill-looking place if it had a better approach.
We got in, Dick and I. The girls, who had come into the porch to see us off, waved their hands to us; the weaver nodded kindly; the dustman bowed as gracefully as a troubadour; Dick shook the reins, and we were off.
We had a long talk about it.
We had a vast deal to say.
We had better put an end to this most mortifying conference.
We had pulled up amongst a crowd of carts, wherein sat handsome healthy-looking people, men, women, and children very gaily dressed, and which were clearly market carts, as they were full of very tempting-looking country produce.
We had quite a little feast that evening, partly in my honour, and partly, I suspect, though nothing was said about it, in honour of Dick and Clara coming together again.
We hav proofs that this is not so in several cases in which exact records hav been kept; thus, to give a very trifling instance, the steadily increasin size of the common gooseberry may be quoted.
We hav seen that species at any one period are not indefinitely variable, and ar not linked together by a multitude of intermediate gradations, partl because the process of natural selection is always very slow, and at an one time acts only on a few forms; and partly because the very process o natural selection implies the continual supplanting and extinction o preceding and intermediate gradations.
We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be.
We have also formerly see that parts many times repeated are eminently liable to vary, not only i number, but in form.
We have also seen that it is the most flourishing or dominant species o the larger genera within each class which on an average yield the greates number of varieties, and varieties, as we shall hereafter see, tend t become converted into new and distinct species.
We have also seen that, as the specialisation of parts is a advantage to each being, so natural selection will tend to render th organisation of each being more specialised and perfect, and in this sens higher; not but that it may leave many creatures with simple and unimprove structures fitted for simple conditions of life, and in some cases wil even degrade or simplify the organisation, yet leaving such degraded being better fitted for their new walks of life.
We have also what are calle monstrosities; but they graduate into varieties.
We have as yet only spokesn incidentally of the disappearance of specie and of groups of species.
We have been all alive with acting.
We have been looking for you this half-hour.
We have differences correlated not only with one sex but with that short period when the reproductive system is active, as i the nuptial plumage of many birds, and in the hooked jaws of the mal salmon.
We have distinct evidence on this head, in the plant which are dominant, that is, which are commonest and most widely diffused producing the greatest number of new varieties.
We have even slight differences in the horns of different breed of cattle in relation to an artificially imperfect state of the male sex for oxen of certain breeds have longer horns than the oxen of other breeds relatively to the length of the horns in both the bulls and cows of thes same breeds.
We have every reason to believe that many of these doubtful an closely allied forms have permanently retained their characters for a lon time; for as long, as far as we know, as have good and true species.
We have evidence of almost every conceivable kind, organi and inorganic, that, within a very recent geological period, central Europ and North America suffered under an Arctic climate.
We have evidence of this, in the facts stated in the second chapter showing that it is the common and diffused or dominant species which offe the greatest number of recorded varieties.
We have evidence that the barre island of Ascension aboriginally possessed less than half-a-dozen flowerin plants; yet many species have now become naturalised on it, as they have i New Zealand and on every other oceanic island which can be named.
We have good reason to believe, as shown in the first chapter, that change in the conditions of life give a tendency to increased variability; and i the foregoing cases the conditions the changed, and this would manifestl be favourable to natural selection, by affording a better chance of th occurrence of profitable variations.
We have had a death here.
We have had such incessant rains almost since October began, that we have been nearly confined to the house for days together.
We have just been trying, by way of doing something, and amusing my mother, just within the last week, to get up a few scenes, a mere trifle.
We have learned to think of women in a sort of symbolic transfiguration, based on clothes; and one of the readiest ways in which we conceive our mistress is as a composite thing, principally petticoats.
We have little evidence o this head, but what we have certainly points the other way; for it i notorious that breeders of cattle, horses and various fancy animals, canno positively tell, until some time after birth, what will be the merits an demerits of their young animals.
We have never had any quarrel, to which I have been a party.
We have no details of the sounding.
We have no more reason to believe in such a relation than we hav to believe that the similar bones in the hand of a man, wing of a bat, an fin of a porpoise, are related to similar conditions of life.
We have not one taste in common.
We have plenty of cases o rudimentary organs in our domestic productions, as the stump of a tail i tailless breeds, the vestige of an ear in earless breeds of sheep - th reappearance of minute dangling horns in hornless breeds of cattle, mor especially, according to Youatt, in young animals - and the state of th whole flower in the cauliflower.
We have reason to believe that species in a stat of nature are closely limited in their ranges by the competition of othe organic beings quite as much as, or more than, by adaptation to particula climates.
We have seen in the fourth chapter that the degree of differentiation an specialisation of the parts in organic beings, when arrived at maturity, i the best standard, as yet suggested, of their degree of perfection o highness.
We have seen in the last chapter that whole groups of species sometime falsely appear to have been abruptly developed; and I have attempted t give an explanation of this fact, which if true would be fatal to my views.
We have seen in this chapter how cautious we should be in concluding tha the most different habits of life could not graduate into each other; tha a bat, for instance, could not have been formed by natural selection fro an animal which at first only glided through the air.
We have seen that a species under new conditions of life may change it habits, or it may have diversified habits, with some very unlike those o its nearest congeners.
We have seen that in each country it is the species belonging to the large genera which oftenest present varieties or incipient species.
We have seen that in two beings widely remote from each other in th natural scale, organs serving for the same purpose and in externa appearance closely similar may have been separately and independentl formed; but when such organs are closely examined, essential differences i their structure can almost always be detected; and this naturally follow from the principle of natural selection.
We have seen that it is the common, the widely diffused, and widely rangin species, belonging to the larger genera within each class, which vary most and these tend to transmit to their modified offspring that superiorit which now makes them dominant in their own countries.
We have seen that man by selection can certainly produce grea results, and can adapt organic beings to his own uses, through th accumulation of slight but useful variations, given to him by the hand o Nature.
We have seen that the members of the same class, independently of thei habits of life, resemble each other in the general plan of thei organisation.
We have seen that the species which are most numerous in individuals hav the best chance of producing favourable variations within any given period.
We have seen that the sterility of hybrids which have their reproductiv organs in an imperfect condition, is a different case from the difficult of uniting two pure species, which have their reproductive organs perfect yet these two distinct classes of cases run to a large extent parallel.
We have seen that there is n infallible criterion by which to distinguish species and well-marke varieties; and when intermediate links have not been found between doubtfu forms, naturalists are compelled to come to a determination by the amoun of difference between them, judging by analogy whether or not the amoun suffices to raise one or both to the rank of species.
We have sometimes - those of us who look into these things - talked this very matter over; because, to say the truth, we have plenty of record of the so-called arts of the time before Equality of Life; and there are not wanting people who say that the state of that society was not the cause of all that ugliness; that they were ugly in their life because they liked to be, and could have had beautiful things about them if they had chosen; just as a man or body of men now may, if they please, make things more or less beautiful - Stop! I know what you are going to say.
We have taken such a very serpentine course, and the wood itself must be half a mile long in a straight line, for we have never seen the end of it yet since we left the first great path.
We have, also, seen that the species, which are the commonest and mos widely-diffused, vary more than do the rare and restricted species.
We have, however, recently learned from the observations of Ramsay, in th van of many excellent observers - of Jukes, Geikie, Croll and others, tha subaerial degradation is a much more important agency than coast-action, o the power of the waves.
We hear fro mathematicians that bees have practically solved a recondite problem, an have made their cells of the proper shape to hold the greatest possibl amount of honey, with the least possible consumption of precious wax i their construction.
We heard footsteps outside; the door opened, and in came a very beautiful young woman, who stopped short on seeing Dick, and flushed as red as a rose, but faced him nevertheless.
We here see that there is no need to separate single pairs, as man does when he methodically improves a breed:  natural selection will preserve an thus separate all the superior individuals, allowing them freely t intercross, and will destroy all the inferior individuals.
We know no exactly what the checks are even in a single instance.
We know pretty well that we were helping ourselves, before we met here, I believe.
We know that we must face the unhappiness that comes of man and woman confusing the relations between natural passion, and sentiment, and the friendship which, when things go well, softens the awakening from passing illusions: but we are not so mad as to pile up degradation on that unhappiness by engaging in sordid squabbles about livelihood and position, and the power of tyrannising over the children who have been the results of love or lust.
We know, at least that with irregular flowers those nearest to the axis are most subject t peloria, that is to become abnormally symmetrical.
We know, fo instance, that minerals and the elemental substances can be thus arranged.
We landed presently just where I remembered the river making an elbow to the north towards the ancient house of the Blunts; with the wide meadows spreading on the right-hand side, and on the left the long line of beautiful old trees overhanging the water.
We landed there, and were looking about for a place whereon to pitch our tents (for we had brought two with us), when an old man came up to us, bade us good evening, and asked if we were housed for that that night; and finding that we were not, bade us home to his house.
We left this old friend by the time appointed, and I made some feeble show of taking the sculls; but Dick repulsed me, not much to my grief, I must say, as I found I had quite enough to do between the enjoyment of the beautiful time and my own lazily blended thoughts.
We live in a little house now, not because we have nothing grander to do than working in the fields, but because we please; for if we liked, we could go and live in a big house amongst pleasant companions.
We looked down the whole vista, and saw it closed by iron gates, and it could not have been more than a furlong in length.
We ma believe that some one pigeon showed a slight tendency to this strang habit, and that the long-continued selection of the best individuals i successive generations made tumblers what they now are; and near Glasgo there are house-tumblers, as I hear from Mr. Brent, which cannot fl eighteen inches high without going head over heels.
We ma continue the process by similar steps for any length of time; some of th varieties, after each thousand generations, producing only a singl variety, but in a more and more modified condition, some producing two o three varieties, and some failing to produce any.
We ma suppose that only one (F) of the two species (E and F) which were leas closely related to the other nine original species, has transmitte descendants to this late stage of descent.
We may also attribute to the inherite effects of use the fact of the mouth in several kinds of flat-fish bein bent towards the lower surface, with the jaw bones stronger and mor effective on this, the eyeless side of the head, than on the other, for th sake, as Dr. Traquair supposes, of feeding with ease on the ground.
We may also, believe that a part formerly of high importance has frequently bee retained (as the tail of an aquatic animal by its terrestrial descendants) though it has become of such small importance that it could not, in it present state, have been acquired by means of  natural selection.
We may be trusted, I think, in chusing some play most perfectly unexceptionable; and I can conceive no greater harm or danger to any of us in conversing in the elegant written language of some respectable author than in chattering in words of our own.
We may believe that the progenitor o the ostrich genus had habits like those of the bustard, and that, as th size and weight of its body were increased during successive generations its legs were used more and its wings less, until they became incapable o flight.
We may cease marvelling at the embryo of a air-breathing mammal or bird having branchial slits and arteries running i loops, like those of a fish which has to breathe the air dissolved in wate by the aid of well-developed branchiae.
We may conclude, from what we have seen of the intimate an complex manner in which the inhabitants of each country are bound together that any change in the numerical proportions of the inhabitants independently of the change of climate itself, would seriously affect th others.
We may doubt whether they have thus changed:  if the Megatherium, Mylodon Macrauchenia, and Toxodon had been brought to Europe from La Plata, withou any information in regard to their geological position, no one would hav suspected that they had co-existed with sea-shells all still living; but a these anomalous monsters co-existed with the Mastodon and Horse, it migh at least have been inferred that they had lived during one of the late tertiary stages.
We may err in this respect in regard to single points o structure, but when several characters, let them be ever so trifling concur throughout a large group of beings having different habits, we ma feel almost sure, on the theory of descent, that these characters have bee inherited from a common ancestor; and we know that such aggregate characters have especial value in classification.
We may extend this view to widely distinct structures and t whole classes.
We may infer from all this that a nearly similar taste fo beautiful colours and for musical sounds runs through a large part of th animal kingdom.
We may infer from the froze mammals and nature of the mountain vegetation, that Siberia was similarl affected.
We may infer this from our frequent inability t predict whether or not an imported plant will endure our climate, and fro the number of plants and animals brought from different countries which ar here perfectly healthy.
We may instance Rubus, Rosa, an Hieracium among plants, several genera of insects, and of Brachiopo shells.
We may look back to past ages, as shown in the last chapter, an we find American types then prevailing on the American continent and in th American seas.
We may often falsely attribute to correlated variation structures which ar common to whole groups of species, and which in truth are simply due t inheritance; for an ancient progenitor may have acquired through natura selection some one modification in structure, and, after thousands o generations, some other and independent modification; and these tw modifications, having been transmitted to a whole group of descendants wit diverse habits, would naturally be thought to be in some necessary manne correlated.
We may safely assume that under such circumstances their rate of fligh would often be thirty-five miles an hour; and some authors have given a fa higher estimate.
We may safely attribute the greate wildness of our large birds to this cause; for in uninhabited islands larg birds are not more fearful than small; and the magpie, so wary in England is tame in Norway, as is the hooded crow in Egypt.
We may safely attribute these structures to inheritance.
We may safely infer that with marine animals of all kinds there has been  large amount of migration due to climatal and other changes; and when w see a species first appearing in any formation, the probability is that i only then first immigrated into that area.
We may sleep tonight with light hearts, Caroline! Yes.
We may sometimes take greater liberties in November than in May.
We may therefore conclude that if under a nearl similar climate the eocene inhabitants of the world could be put int competition with the existing inhabitants, the former would be beaten an exterminated by the latter, as would the secondary by the eocene, and th palaeozoic by the secondary forms.
We may thus account for the distinctness of whole classes fro each other - for instance, of birds from all other vertebrate animals - b the belief that many ancient forms of life have been utterly lost, throug which the early progenitors of birds were formerly connected with the earl progenitors of the other and at that time less differentiated vertebrat classes.
We may, I think, conclude that sediment must be accumulated in extremel thick, solid, or extensive masses, in order to withstand the incessan action of the waves, when first upraised and during subsequent oscillation of level, as well as the subsequent subaerial degradation.
We may, I think, confidentl come to this conclusion, because, as we have seen, these coloured marks ar eminently liable to appear in the crossed offspring of two distinct an differently coloured breeds; and in this case there is nothing in th external conditions of life to cause the reappearance of the slaty-blue with the several marks, beyond the influence of the mere act of crossing o the laws of inheritance.
We may, however, according to M. Jourdain, descend even a step lower and find aggregates of pigment-cells apparently serving as organs of vision, without any nerves, and restin merely on sarcodic tissue.
We may, however, infer as probable from the consideration of dimorphic an trimorphic plants, that the sterility of distinct species when crossed an of their hybrid progeny, depends exclusively on the nature of their sexua elements, and not on any difference in their structure or genera constitution.
We mean nothing but a little amusement among ourselves, just to vary the scene, and exercise our powers in something new.
We might therefore expect to find, as we do find, a less strict degree o parallelism in the succession of the productions of the land than wit those of the sea.
We mus not, however, push the foregoing argument too far, on account of th probable origin of some of our domestic animals from several wild stocks: the blood, for instance, of a tropical and arctic wolf may perhaps b mingled in our domestic breeds.
We must be cautious in attemptin to correlate as strictly contemporaneous two formations, which do no include many identical species, by the general succession of the forms o life.
We must by no means overlook the effects of the definite actio of changed conditions of life, of so-called spontaneous variations, whic seem to depend in a quite subordinate degree on the nature of th conditions, of the tendency to reversion to long-lost characters, of th complex laws of growth, such as of correlation, comprehension, of th pressure of one part on another, etc., and finally of sexual selection, b which characters of use to one sex are often gained and then transmitte more or less perfectly to the other sex, though of no use to the sex.
We must descend a little.
We must double them.
We must have two chairs at hand for you to bring forward to the front of the stage.
We must hope his son may prove that he knows it too.
We must not allow her to accept the part.
We must not be over-precise, Edmund.
We must not be so nice.
We must not, however assume that divergence of character is a necessary contingency; it depend solely on the descendants from a species being thus enabled to seize o many and different places in the economy of nature.
We must rather adopt Mr. Crawford's views, and make the performance, not the theatre, our object.
We must suppose each new state of the instrument to b multiplied by the million; each to be preserved until a better is produced and then the old ones to be all destroyed.
We must suppose the Melipona to arrang her cells in level layers, as she already does her cylindrical cells; an we must further suppose, and this is the greatest difficulty, that she ca somehow judge accurately at what distance to stand from he fellow-labourers when several are making their spheres; but she is alread so far enabled to judge of distance, that she always describes her sphere so as to intersect to a certain extent; and then she unites the points o intersection by perfectly flat surfaces.
We must suppose the Melipona to have the power of formin her cells truly spherical, and of equal sizes; and this would not be ver surprising, seeing that she already does so to a certain extent, and seein what perfectly cylindrical burrows many insects make in wood, apparently b turning round on a fixed point.
We must, also, bear in mind the occurrence in bot hemispheres of former Glacial periods; for these will account, i accordance with the same principles, for the many quite distinct specie inhabiting the same widely separated areas, and belonging to genera not no found in the intermediate torrid zones.
We must, as Barrande ha remarked, look to some special law.
We must, however, allow for the entir extinction of some preceding forms, and in any one region for th immigration of new forms from other regions, and for a large amount o modification during the long and blank intervals between the successiv formations.
We must, however, in man cases, decide by a majority of naturalists, for few well-marked an well-known varieties can be named which have not been ranked as species b at least some competent judges.
We must, therefore, either give up the belief of the universa sterility of species when crossed; or we must look at this sterility i animals, not as an indelible characteristic, but as one capable of bein removed by domestication.
We need not here consider how the bodies of some animal first became divided into a series of segments, or how they became divide into right and left sides, with corresponding organs, for such question are almost beyond investigation.
We need not marvel at extinction; if we must marvel, let it b at our presumption in imagining for a moment that we understand the man complex contingencies on which the existence of each species depends.
We need not marvel at the sting of the bee, whe used against the enemy, causing the bee's own death; at drones bein produced in such great numbers for one single act, and being the slaughtered by their sterile sisters; at the astonishing waste of pollen b our fir-trees; at the instinctive hatred of the queen-bee for her ow fertile daughters; at ichneumonidae feeding within the living bodies o caterpillars; and at other such cases.
We never find, for instance, the bones of th arm and forearm, or of the thigh and leg, transposed.
We next find one corner of the broa penultimate segment slightly prominent, sometimes furnished with irregula teeth, and against these the terminal segment shuts down.
We none of us want to hear the bill of fare.
We now come to the last of the three classes of facts, which I hav selected as presenting the greatest amount of difficulty with respect t distribution, on the view that not only all the individuals of the sam species have migrated from some one area, but that allied species, althoug now inhabiting the most distant points, have proceeded from a single area the birthplace of their early progenitors.
We now see, as I believe, their descendants, mostly in  modified condition, in the central parts of Europe and the United States.
We now turned into a pleasant lane where the branches of great plane-trees nearly met overhead, but behind them lay low houses standing rather close together.
We occasionally though rarely, see something of the same kind in plants; thus the firs leaves of the ulex or furze, and the first leaves of the phyllodineou acacias, are pinnate or divided like the ordinary leaves of th leguminosae.
We often see rudiments of various part in monsters; but I doubt whether any of these cases throw light on th origin of rudimentary organs in a state of nature, further than by showin that rudiments can be produced; for the balance of evidence clearl indicates that species under nature do not undergo great and abrup changes.
We only speak of it among friends.
We ought also to compare the relativ proportional numbers, at any two periods, of the high and low classe throughout the world:  if, for instance, at the present day fifty thousan kinds of vertebrate animals exist, and if we knew that at some forme period only ten thousand kinds existed, we ought to look at this increas in number in the highest class, which implies a great displacement of lowe forms, as a decided advance in the organisation of the world.
We ought only to look for a few links,  and such assuredly we d find - some more distantly, some more closely, related to each other; an these links, let them be ever so close, if found in different stages of th same formation, would, by many palaeontologists, be ranked as distinc species.
We passed by several fields where haymaking was going on, but Dick, and especially Clara, were so jealous of our up-river festival that they would not allow me to have much to say to them.
We passed on, and Dick drew rein an instant as we came across a long straightish road with houses scantily scattered up and down it.
We possess no pedigree or armoria bearings; and we have to discover and trace the many diverging lines o descent in our natural genealogies, by characters of any kind which hav long been inherited.
We presently crossed a pretty little brook that ran across a piece of land dotted over with trees, and awhile after came to another market and town-hall, as we should call it.
We probably take a quit erroneous view, when we assume that sediment is being deposited over nearl the whole bed of the sea, at a rate sufficiently quick to embed an preserve fossil remains.
We rather encourage them to it; they learn to do things for themselves, and get to notice the wild creatures; and, you see, the less they stew inside houses the better for them.
We really had some difficulty in getting him to stop when it was getting rather more than dusk, and the moon was brightening just as we were off Runnymede.
We sat down at last in a room over the wall which Ellen had caressed, and which was still hung with old tapestry, originally of no artistic value, but now faded into pleasant grey tones which harmonised thoroughly well with the quiet of the place, and which would have been ill supplanted by brighter and more striking decoration.
We se the same great law in the construction of the mouths of insects:  what ca be more different than the immensely long spiral proboscis of  sphinx-moth, the curious folded one of a bee or bug, and the great jaws o a beetle?  Yet all these organs, serving for such widely differen purposes, are formed by infinitely numerous modifications of an upper lip mandibles, and two pairs of maxillae.
We se this in many facts.
We see an astonishin improvement in many florists' flowers, when the flowers of the present da are compared with drawings made only twenty or thirty years ago.
We see how important a par excavation plays in the construction of the cells; but it would be a grea error to suppose that the bees cannot build up a rough wall of wax in th proper position - that is, along the plane of intersection between tw adjoining spheres.
We see in definite variability in th endless slight peculiarities which distinguish the individuals of the sam species, and which cannot be accounted for by inheritance from eithe parent or from some more remote ancestor.
We see in many cases in the more recent tertiary formations that rarit precedes extinction; and we know that this has been the progress of event with those animals which have been exterminated, either locally or wholly through man's agency.
We see in these facts some deep organic bond, throughou space and time, over the same areas of land and water, independently o physical conditions.
We see it also in the birds of th caves of Brazil.
We see nothing of these slow changes in progress until the hand of time has marked the long lapse of ages, and then s imperfect is our view into long-past geological ages that we see only tha the forms of life are now different from what they formerly were.
We see still mor plainly the obscurity of the subject by turning to plants, among which th standard of intellect is of course quite excluded; and here some botanist rank those plants as highest which have every organ, as sepals, petals stamens and pistils, fully developed in each flower; whereas othe botanists, probably with more truth, look at the plants which have thei several organs much modified and reduced in number as the highest.
We see the full meaning of the wonderfu fact, which has struck every traveller, namely, that on the same continent under the most diverse conditions, under heat and cold, on mountain an lowland, on deserts and marshes, most of the inhabitants within each grea class are plainly related; for they are the descendants of the sam progenitors and early colonists.
We see the sam principle in the character of most of the blind animals inhabiting th caves of America and of Europe.
We see the same fact in ascending mountains, and sometimes it i quite remarkable how abruptly, as Alph.
We see the same law in this author's restorations of the extinc and gigantic birds of New Zealand.
We see the same process of extermination among ou domesticated productions, through the selection of improved forms by man.
We see the same rule i the distribution of butterflies and beetles.
We see the truth of thi conclusion in the vast difference in the results of crossing the same tw species reciprocally - that is, when one species is first used as the fathe and then as the mother.
We see the value set on animals even b the barbarians of Tierra del Fuego, by their killing and devouring thei old women, in times of dearth, as of less value than their dogs.
We see thi on every mountain-summit, in every lake and marsh.
We see this acte on by farmers and gardeners in their frequent exchanges of seed, tubers etc., from one soil or climate to another, and back again.
We see this even i so trifling a fact as that the same poison often similarly affects plant and animals; or that the poison secreted by the gall-fly produces monstrou growths on the wild rose or oak-tree.
We see this in th striking relation of nearly all the plants and animals of the Galapago Archipelago, of Juan Fernandez, and of the other American islands, to th plants and animals of the neighbouring American mainland; and of those o the Cape de Verde Archipelago, and of the other African islands to th African mainland.
We see this in the fact that the most eminen palaeontologists, namely, Cuvier, Agassiz, Barrande, Pictet, Falconer, E. Forbes, etc., and all our greatest geologists, as Lyell, Murchison Sedgwick, etc., have unanimously, often vehemently, maintained th immutability of species.
We see this in the great difference in nearly all th terrestrial productions of the New and Old Worlds, excepting in th northern parts, where the land almost joins, and where, under a slightl different climate, there might have been free migration for the norther temperate forms, as there now is for the strictly arctic productions.
We see this in the recent extension over parts of the Unite States of one species of swallow having caused the decrease of anothe species.
We see this plainly in our own children we cannot tell whether a child will be tall or short, or what its precis features will be.
We see this tendency to becom striped most strongly displayed in hybrids from between several of the mos distinct species.
We see this, for instance, in the men of different race admiring an entirely different standard of beauty in their women.
We see why certain characters are far mor serviceable than others for classification; why adaptive characters, thoug of paramount importance to the beings, are of hardly any importance i classification; why characters derived from rudimentary parts, though of n service to the beings, are often of high classificatory value; and wh embryological characters are often the most valuable of all.
We see, however, a few southern form on the mountains of Borneo and Abyssinia.
We seemed very glad to see each other, and I do really think we were a little.
We set Walter ashore on the Berkshire side, amidst all the beauties of Streatley, and so went our ways into what once would have been the deeper country under the foot-hills of the White Horse; and though the contrast between half-cocknified and wholly unsophisticated country existed no longer, a feeling of exultation rose within me (as it used to do) at sight of the familiar and still unchanged hills of the Berkshire range.
We shal presently see its importance; but I must here treat the subject wit extreme brevity, though I have the materials prepared for an ampl discussion.
We shall als have two very distinct genera descended from (I), differing widely from th descendants of (A).
We shall appreciate this difficulty more clearly by looking to certai existing faunas and floras.
We shall be quite a small party at home.
We shall be rather busy here presently; and I want to clear it off soon, for I began to read a pretty old book yesterday, and I want to get on with it this morning: so good-bye for the present.
We shall best understand the probable course of natural selection by takin the case of a country undergoing some slight physical change, for instance of climate.
We shall greatly miss Edmund in our small circle, but I trust and hope he will find the poor invalid in a less alarming state than might be apprehended, and that he will be able to bring him to Mansfield shortly, which Sir Thomas proposes should be done, and thinks best on every account, and I flatter myself the poor sufferer will soon be able to bear the removal without material inconvenience or injury.
We shall have to recur to this subject; and I will here only add that thei variability seems to result from their uselessness, and consequently fro natural selection having had no power to check deviations in thei structure.
We shall here find something analogous.
We shall however, be enabled to discuss what circumstances are most favourable t variation.
We shall immediately see why these characters posses so high a value in classification, namely, from the natural system bein genealogical in its arrangement.
We shall never, probably, disentangle th inextricable web of the affinities between the members of any one class but when we have a distinct object in view, and do not look to some unknow plan of creation, we may hope to make sure but slow progress.
We shall only want you in our play.
We shall presently see that simple inheritanc often gives the false appearance of correlation.
We shall presently see why embryological character are of such high classificatory importance.
We shall probably see much to wish altered in her, and must prepare ourselves for gross ignorance, some meanness of opinions, and very distressing vulgarity of manner; but these are not incurable faults; nor, I trust, can they be dangerous for her associates.
We shall see this by turning to the diagram:  the letters, A t L, may represent eleven Silurian genera, some of which have produced larg groups of modified descendants, with every link in each branch an sub-branch still alive; and the links not greater than those betwee existing varieties.
We shall see this more clearly when w treat of the present distribution of organic beings, and find how slight i the relation between the physical conditions of various countries and th nature of their inhabitants.
We shall then, also, see how it is that the severa breeds so often have a somewhat monstrous character.
We shall thus be enabled to see the part whic habit and the selection of so-called spontaneous variations have played i modifying the mental qualities of our domestic animals.
We shall thus have a thin wall steadily growin upward but always crowned by a gigantic coping.
We shall thus see that a larg amount of hereditary modification is at least possible; and, what i equally or more important, we shall see how great is the power of man i accumulating by his selection successive slight variations.
We shall understand how they work, by supposing masons first to pile up  broad ridge of cement, and then to begin cutting it away equally on bot sides near the ground, till a smooth, very thin wall is left in the middle the masons always piling up the cut-away cement, and adding fresh cement o the summit of the ridge.
We shall, perhaps, best perceive the improbability of our bein enabled to connect species by numerous, fine, intermediate, fossil links by asking ourselves whether, for instance, geologists at some future perio will be able to prove that our different breeds of cattle, sheep, horses and dogs are descended from a single stock or from several aborigina stocks; or, again, whether certain sea-shells inhabiting the shores o North America, which are ranked by some conchologists as distinct specie from their European representatives, and by other conchologists as onl varieties, are really varieties, or are, as it is called, specificall distinct.
We shall, perhaps, best understand how instincts in a state of nature hav become modified by selection by considering a few cases.
We shall, when we come to ou chapter on geology, have to refer again to this subject, and I think w shall then see that the diagram throws light on the affinities of extinc beings, which, though generally belonging to the same orders, families, o genera, with those now living, yet are often, in some degree, intermediat in character between existing groups; and we can understand this fact, fo the extinct species lived at various remote epochs when the branching line of descent had diverged less.
We shew Fanny what a good girl we think her by praising her to her face, she is now a very valuable companion.
We should also bear in min that every highly developed organism has passed through many changes; an that each modified structure tends to be inherited, so that eac modification will not readily be quite lost, but may be again and agai further altered.
We should be extremely cautious in concluding that an organ could not hav been formed by transitional gradations of some kind.
We should be miserable.
We should bear in mind tha each species of duck is subjected to a severe struggle for existence, an that the structure of every part of its frame must be well adapted to it conditions of life.
We should bear in mind that many genera in all classes are of ancien origin, and the species in this case will have had ample time for dispersa and subsequent modification.
We should not b able to recognise a species as the parent of another and modified species if we were to examine the two ever so closely, unless we possessed most o the intermediate links; and owing to the imperfection of the geologica record, we have no just right to expect to find so many links.
We should not forget that only a small portion of the world i known with accuracy.
We should not forget the probability of many fresh-wate forms having formerly ranged continuously over immense areas, and the having become extinct at intermediate points.
We should not have got enough to eat; our clothes would have been ugly to look at, dirty and frowsy.
We should remember that the skull at this early age is cartilaginous an flexible, so that it readily yields to muscular action.
We started before six o'clock the next morning, as we were still twenty-five miles from our resting place, and Dick wanted to be there before dusk.
We still rowed on after this, Ellen taking the sculls in my boat; we passed a weir a little higher up, and about three miles beyond it came by moonlight again to a little town, where we slept at a house thinly inhabited, as its folk were mostly tented in the hay-fields.
We stopped at Wallingford for our mid-day meal; of course, all signs of squalor and poverty had disappeared from the streets of the ancient town, and many ugly houses had been taken down and many pretty new ones built, but I thought it curious, that the town still looked like the old place I remembered so well; for indeed it looked like that ought to have looked.
We thus se how hopelessly difficult it is to compare with perfect fairness, under suc extremely complex relations, the standard of organisation of th imperfectly-known faunas of successive periods.
We thus see that a member of the duck family, with a beak constructed lik that of a common goose and adapted solely for grazing, or even a membe with a beak having less well-developed lamellae, might be converted b small changes into a species like the Egyptian goose - this into one lik the common duck - and, lastly, into one like the shoveller, provided with  beak almost exclusively adapted for sifting the water; for this bird coul hardly use any part of its beak, except the hooked tip, for seizing o tearing solid food.
We thus see that the first stages of the transit of the eye from one sid of the head to the other, which Mr. Mivart considers would be injurious may be attributed to the habit, no doubt beneficial to the individual an to the species, of endeavouring to look upward with both eyes, whil resting on one side at the bottom.
We thus see that these naturalised plants ar of a highly diversified nature.
We thus see that with plants many morphological changes may be attribute to the laws of growth and the inter-action of parts, independently o natural selection.
We thus see that, although there is a clear and great difference betwee the mere adhesion of grafted stocks and the union of the male and femal elements in the act of reproduction, yet that there is a rude degree o parallelism in the results of grafting and of crossing distinct species.
We turned away from the river at once, and were soon in the main road that runs through Hammersmith.
We turned into the cloister and came to a richly moulded and carved doorway, where a very pretty dark-haired young girl gave us each a beautiful bunch of summer flowers, and we entered a hall much bigger than that of the Hammersmith Guest House, more elaborate in its architecture and perhaps more beautiful.
We use th element of descent in classing the individuals of both sexes and of al ages under one species, although they may have but few characters i common; we use descent in classing acknowledged varieties, howeve different they may be from their parents; and I believe that this elemen of descent is the hidden bond of connexion which naturalists have sough under the term of the Natural System.
We walked straight into the forecourt of the Museum, where, except that the railings were gone, and the whispering boughs of the trees were all about, nothing seemed changed; the very pigeons were wheeling about the building and clinging to the ornaments of the pediment as I had seen them of old.
We want no audience, no publicity.
We went ashore at Bisham, where the remains of the old Abbey and the Elizabethan house that had been added to them yet remained, none the worse for many years of careful and appreciative habitation.
We went down the steps of the landing stage, and got into a pretty boat, not too light to hold us and our belongings comfortably, and handsomely ornamented; and just as we got in, down came Boffin and the weaver to see us off.
We went into some of the rooms looking into the old garden, and were well received by the people in them, who got speedily into talk with us, and looked with politely half-concealed wonder at my strange face.
We went into the Court and straight into the great hall, so well remembered, where there were tables spread for dinner, and everything arranged much as in Hammersmith Guest-Hall.
We went into the church, which was a simple little building with one little aisle divided from the nave by three round arches, a chancel, and a rather roomy transept for so small a building, the windows mostly of the graceful Oxfordshire fourteenth century type.
We went up a paved path between the roses, and straight into a very pretty room, panelled and carved, and as clean as a new pin; but the chief ornament of which was a young woman, light-haired and grey-eyed, but with her face and hands and bare feet tanned quite brown with the sun.
We were all alive.
We were all delighted.
We were almost beginning again in those days: and they were brisk, hot-headed times.
We were always doing something as it was.
We were better off in our last house.
We were going through the three first acts, and not unsuccessfully upon the whole.
We were soon under way and going at a fair pace through the beautiful reaches of the river, between Bensington and Dorchester.
We were speaking of them the other day, you know.
We were talking of you at the Parsonage, and those were her words.
We will ask him.
We will endeavour to do our duty by her, and she will, at least, have the advantage of companions of her own age, and of a regular instructress.
We will go on to the Ford; and you can talk to us from the bank as we paddle along.
We will look at them later in the day, perhaps: but we ought to be getting on now.
We will not follow all the steps of the Admiral's return and installation, but hurry forward towards the catastrophe, merely chronicling by the way a few salient incidents, wherein we must rely entirely upon the evidence of Richard, for Esther to this day has never opened her mouth upon this trying passage of her life, and as for the Admiral - well, that naval officer, although still alive, and now more suitably installed in a seaport town where he has a telescope and a flag in his front garden, is incapable of throwing the slightest gleam of light upon the affair.
We will now consider a little more in detail the laws governing th sterility of first crosses and of hybrids.
We will now discuss in a little more detail the struggle for existence.
We will now look a little closer at the probable nature of the difference between species which induce sterility in first crosses and in hybrids.
We will now turn for a short space to the lower divisions of the anima kingdom.
We will now turn to climbing plants.
We will return to Mr. Mivart's other objections.
We will suppose the letters A to L to represent allied gener existing during the Silurian epoch, and descended from some still earlie form.
Wear the necklace, as you are engaged to do, to-morrow evening, and let the chain, which was not ordered with any reference to the ball, be kept for commoner occasions.
Wednesday was fine, and soon after breakfast the barouche arrived, Mr. Crawford driving his sisters; and as everybody was ready, there was nothing to be done but for Mrs. Grant to alight and the others to take their places.
Well might his sister, believing as she really did that his opinion of Fanny Price was scarcely beyond her merits, rejoice in her prospects.
Well, I awoke, and found that I had kicked my bedclothes off; and no wonder, for it was hot and the sun shining brightly.
Well, I know for certain that in old times, even in the summer, when the leaves were thickest, you could see from the same place six quite big and fine houses; and higher up the water, garden joined garden right up to Windsor; and there were big houses in all the gardens.
Well, I think I have studied the history of them to know pretty well.
Well, I will say no more about it; only this: will you give me a cast up stream, as I want to look after a lonely habitation for the poor fellow, since he will have it so, and I hear that there is one which would suit us very well on the downs beyond Streatley; so if you will put me ashore there I will walk up the hill and look to it.
Well, at the next ordinary meeting of the neighbours, or Mote, as we call it, according to the ancient tongue of the times before bureaucracy, a neighbour proposes the change, and of course, if everybody agrees, there is an end of discussion, except about details.
Well, he wouldn't take our advice (that also, I suppose, was a matter of course), so we had to tell him that he must go, or the inevitable sending to Coventry would follow; for his individual trouble had so overmastered him that we felt that we must go if he did not.
Well, it's a matter of taste.
Well, let that pass.
Well, now for the crash aforesaid.
Well, of course it's handy to have fair-sized ovens and kilns and glass-pots, and a good lot of things to use them for: though of course there are a good many such places, as it would be ridiculous if a man had a liking for pot-making or glass-blowing that he should have to live in one place or be obliged to forego the work he liked.
Well, private property being abolished, all the laws and all the legal 'crimes' which it had manufactured of course came to an end.
Well, shall we join and disappoint them of half their lecture upon sitting down out of doors at this time of year, by being up before they can begin? Edmund met them with particular pleasure.
Well, she went on to say that what remained now to be done was to bring about a marriage between them.
Well, the jointure may comfort him; and perhaps, between friends, he began to tremble for his credit and his lungs in the Baron, and was not sorry to withdraw; and to make you amends, Yates, I think we must raise a little theatre at Mansfield, and ask you to be our manager.
Well, there is nothing more to be said.
Well, these Idleness-stricken people used to serve booths all their time, because they were fit for so little.
Well, they did laugh, and I joined them again, for the above-stated reasons.
Well, well, thought I, neither have children's tastes changed much.
Well, well, we are ready, whatever happens.
Well, you will have opportunities enough of endeavouring to recommend yourself, for we are a great deal together.
Were I refused, I must bear it; and till I am, I can never cease to try for her.
Were it a decided thing, an actual refusal, I hope I should know how to bear it, and how to endeavour to weaken her hold on my heart, and in the course of a few years -  but I am writing nonsense.
Were it not for this reflection, one might endeavour to show how all the great Easterly trade winds - the no less important anti-trades, or nearly constant Westerly winds, and their complicated eddying offsets are all (on greater or smaller scales) breadths, or zones of atmosphere alternating, or circulating, or crossing (superposed of laterally) between which, at distant intervals, occur those strong eddies, or storms, called hurricanes - typhoons - tornadoes - or cyclones.
Were she likely to have a home to invite her to, what a blessing it would be! And had it been possible for her to return Mr. Crawford's regard, the probability of his being very far from objecting to such a measure would have been the greatest increase of all her own comforts.
Were the beautiful volute an cone shells of the Eocene epoch, and the gracefully sculptured ammonites o the Secondary period, created that man might ages afterwards admire them i his cabinet?  Few objects are more beautiful than the minute siliceou cases of the diatomaceae:  were these created that they might be examine and admired under the higher powers of the microscope?  The beauty in thi latter case, and in many others, is apparently wholly due to symmetry o growth.
Were they not always careful about this little stream which now adds so much pleasantness to the country side? It would always be easy to manage this little river.
Were you even less pleasing -  supposing her not to love you already (of which, however, I can have little doubt) - you would be safe.
Westward of th shores of America, a wide space of open ocean extends, with not an islan as a halting-place for emigrants; here we have a barrier of another kind and as soon as this is passed we meet in the eastern islands of the Pacifi with another and totally distinct fauna.
What English breeders have actually effected is proved by the enormou prices given for animals with a good pedigree; and these have been exporte to almost every quarter of the world.
What Fanny told her of former times dwelt more on her mind than the pages of Goldsmith; and she paid her sister the compliment of preferring her style to that of any printed author.
What I advise is, that your father be quiet.
What a difference a vowel makes! If his rents were but equal to his rants! Your cousin Edmund moves slowly; detained, perchance, by parish duties.
What a difference in the weight of a woman's arm from that of a man! At Oxford I have been a good deal used to have a man lean on me for the length of a street, and you are only a fly in the comparison.
What a difference it might have made! Those five or six days more at Lessingby might have been felt all my life.
What a happy creature William must be! I wish we could see him.
What a long letter! one word more.
What a strange anomaly it would b if a directly opposite rule were to prevail when we go down one step lowe in the series, namely to the individuals of the same species, and these ha not been, at least at first, confined to some one region Hence, it seems to me, as it has to many other naturalists, that the vie of each species having been produced in one area alone, and havin subsequently migrated from that area as far as its powers of migration an subsistence under past and present conditions permitted, is the mos probable.
What a struggl must have gone on during long centuries between the several kinds of trees each annually scattering its seeds by the thousand; what war between insec and insect - between insects, snails, and other animals with birds an beasts of prey - all striving to increase, all feeding on each other, or o the trees, their seeds and seedlings, or on the other plants which firs clothed the ground and thus checked the growth of the trees.
What a wonderful connecting link in th chain of mammals is the Typotherium from South America, as the name give to it by Professor Gervais expresses, and which cannot be placed in an existing order.
What an amazing match for her! Mrs. Norris often talks of her luck; what will she say now? The delight of all the family, indeed! And she has some true friends in it! How they will rejoice! But tell me all about it! Talk to me for ever.
What an honest expression it has in its face! It's a wonderful knocker! - Here's the Turkey! Hallo! Whoop! How are you! Merry Christmas! It was a Turkey! He never could have stood upon his legs, that bird.
What animation, both of body and mind, she had derived from watching the advance of that season which cannot, in spite of its capriciousness, be unlovely, and seeing its increasing beauties from the earliest flowers in the warmest divisions of her aunt's garden, to the opening of leaves of her uncle's plantations, and the glory of his woods.
What applies to one anima will apply throughout all time to all animals - that is, if they vary - fo otherwise natural selection can effect nothing.
What business had he to be married to the Princess! To hear Scrooge expending all the earnestness of his nature on such subjects, in a most extraordinary voice between laughing and crying; and to see his heightened and excited face would have been a surprise to his business friends in the city, indeed.
What can Sir Thomas and Edmund together do, what do they do for her happiness, comfort, honour, and dignity in the world, to what I shall do? Henry Crawford was at Mansfield Park again the next morning, and at an earlier hour than common visiting warrants.
What can be more curious than th presence of teeth in foetal whales, which when grown up have not a tooth i their heads; or the teeth, which never cut through the gums, in the uppe jaws of unborn calves Rudimentary organs plainly declare their origin and meaning in variou ways.
What can be more curious than that the hand of a man, formed for grasping that of a mole for digging, the leg of the horse, the paddle of th porpoise, and the wing of the bat, should all be constructed on the sam pattern, and should include similar bones, in the same relative positions How curious it is, to give a subordinate though striking instance, that th hind feet of the kangaroo, which are so well fitted for bounding over th open plains - those of the climbing, leaf-eating koala, equally well fitte for grasping the branches of trees - those of the ground-dwelling, insect o root-eating, bandicoots - and those of some other Australian marsupials - should all be constructed on the same extraordinary type, namely with th bones of the second and third digits extremely slender and enveloped withi the same skin, so that they appear like a single toe furnished with tw claws.
What can be more extraordinar than these well-ascertained facts?  If we had not known of any othe slave-making ant, it would have been hopeless to speculate how so wonderfu an instinct could have been perfected.
What can be more singular than the relation in cats between complet whiteness and blue eyes with deafness, or between the tortoise-shell colou and the female sex; or in pigeons, between their feathered feet and ski betwixt the outer toes, or between the presence of more or less down on th young pigeon when first hatched, with the future colour of its plumage; or again, the relation between the hair and the teeth in the naked Turkis dog, though here no doubt homology comes into play?  With respect to thi latter case of correlation, I think it can hardly be accidental that th two orders of mammals which are most abnormal in their dermal covering viz., Cetacea (whales) and Edentata (armadilloes, scaly ant-eaters, etc.) are likewise on the whole the most abnormal in their teeth, but there ar so many exceptions to this rule, as Mr. Mivart has remarked, that it ha little value.
What can be plainer than that th webbed feet of ducks and geese are formed for swimming?  Yet there ar upland geese with webbed feet which rarely go near the water; and no on except Audubon, has seen the frigate-bird, which has all its four toe webbed, alight on the surface of the ocean.
What can equal the folly of our two relations?' I could not answer, but I believe my looks spoke.
What can exceed the misery of such a mind in such a situation Mr. Rushworth had no difficulty in procuring a divorce; and so ended a marriage contracted under such circumstances as to make any better end the effect of good luck not to be reckoned on.
What can you want but a decent maintenance? You have not much time before you; and your relations are in no situation to do anything for you, or to mortify you by the contrast of their own wealth and consequence.
What chiefly surprised Edmund was, that Crawford's sister, the friend and companion who had been so much to her, should not be more visibly regretted.
What could I say? I sat and held my peace, for fear of fresh entanglements.
What do we think of it now? you would say.
What do you think? Of one thing I was sure, that her beauty and kindness and eagerness combined, forced me to think as she did, when she was not earnestly laying herself open to receive my thoughts.
What geological research has no revealed, is the former existence of infinitely numerous gradations, a fine as existing varieties, connecting together nearly all existing an extinct species.
What happiness if the door should not be locked! but of course it is; for in these great places the gardeners are the only people who can go where they like.
What he made that night by his percentages it would be hard to estimate.
What is her character? Is she solemn? Is she queer? Is she prudish? Why did she draw back and look so grave at me? I could hardly get her to speak.
What is more varying than the aspect of the sky?
What is the object of Revolution? Surely to make people happy.
What is the play about, Fanny? you have never told me.
What might have been hard to bear at Mansfield was to become a slight evil at Portsmouth.
What more can we ask of life? He paused, as if he were seeking for words with which to express his thought.
What must be his sense of it now, therefore? She was of course only too good for him; but as nobody minds having what is too good for them, he was very steadily earnest in the pursuit of the blessing, and it was not possible that encouragement from her should be long wanting.
What natura selection cannot do, is to modify the structure of one species, withou giving it any advantage, for the good of another species; and thoug statements to this effect may be found in works of natural history,  cannot find one case which will bear investigation.
What now are we to say to these several facts?  We see several distinc species of the horse genus becoming, by simple variation, striped on th legs like a zebra, or striped on the shoulders like an ass.
What reason, it may be asked, i there for supposing in these cases that two individuals ever concur i reproduction?  As it is impossible here to enter on details, I must trus to some general considerations alone.
What right had she to be of importance to her family? She could have none, so long lost sight of! William's concerns must be dearest, they always had been, and he had every right.
What say you all? Here are two capital tragic parts for Yates and Crawford, and here is the rhyming Butler for me, if nobody else wants it; a trifling part, but the sort of thing I should not dislike, and, as I said before, I am determined to take anything and do my best.
What seems plainer than that the long toes, not furnished wit membrane, of the Grallatores, are formed for walking over swamps an floating plants.
What should Sir Thomas want you for? It is me, Baddeley, you mean; I am coming this moment.
What state of the barometer indicates danger?
What strange creatures brothers are! You would not write to each other but upon the most urgent necessity in the world; and when obliged to take up the pen to say that such a horse is ill, or such a relation dead, it is done in the fewest possible words.
What then checks a indefinite increase in the number of species?  The amount of life (I do no mean the number of specific forms) supported on an area must have a limit depending so largely as it does on physical conditions; therefore, if a area be inhabited by very many species, each or nearly each species will b represented by few individuals; and such species will be liable t extermination from accidental fluctuations in the nature of the seasons o in the number of their enemies.
What then? If he be like to die, he had better do it, and decrease the surplus population.
What they wanted in the room of death, and why they were so restless and disturbed, Scrooge did not dare to think.
What took place during this interval is a secret from the world of men; but when it was over the voice of Esther spoke evenly and without interruption for perhaps half a minute, and as soon as that ceased heavy and uncertain footfalls crossed the parlour and mounted lurching up the stairs.
What was he, under the circumstances, called upon to do? Perhaps to avoid the girl? Well, he would think about that.
What was to be done? Tom, as Cottager, was in despair.
What was to be inferred? That his judgment submitted to all his own peculiar and bitter share of this family affliction, but that it was too keenly felt to be a subject of the slightest communication.
What was tranquillity and comfort to Fanny was tediousness and vexation to Mary.
What were the steps of his declension? No one exactly knew.
What will it matter if you do? Somebody is sure to find it, and he will use it, and you can get another.
What would I not have given to be one of them! Though I never could have been so rude, no, no! I wouldn't for the wealth of all the world have crushed that braided hair, and torn it down; and for the precious little shoe, I wouldn't have plucked it off, God bless my soul! to save my life.
What would be the consequence? Whom would it not injure? Whose views might it not affect? Whose peace would it not cut up for ever? Miss Crawford, herself, Edmund; but it was dangerous, perhaps, to tread such ground.
What would she have been if we had not taken her by the hand? Sir Thomas said no more; but when they sat down to table the eyes of the two young men assured him that the subject might be gently touched again, when the ladies withdrew, with more success.
What would your governess and your uncle say to see them used for such a purpose? Could Sir Thomas look in upon us just now, he would bless himself, for we are rehearsing all over the house.
What you say about the man is true, or it should be; but then, you see, the excitement and jealousy that was the prelude to this tragedy had made an evil and feverish element round about him, from which he does not seem to be able to escape.
Whatever I can do, as you well know, I am always ready enough to do for the good of those I love; and, though I could never feel for this little girl the hundredth part of the regard I bear your own dear children, nor consider her, in any respect, so much my own, I should hate myself if I were capable of neglecting her.
Whatever cross-accidents had occurred to intercept the pleasures of her nieces, she had found a morning of complete enjoyment; for the housekeeper, after a great many courtesies on the subject of pheasants, had taken her to the dairy, told her all about their cows, and given her the receipt for a famous cream cheese; and since Julia's leaving them they had been met by the gardener, with whom she had made a most satisfactory acquaintance, for she had set him right as to his grandson's illness, convinced him that it was an ague, and promised him a charm for it; and he, in return, had shewn her all his choicest nursery of plants, and actually presented her with a very curious specimen of heath.
Whatever effect Sir Thomas's little harangue might really produce on Mr. Crawford, it raised some awkward sensations in two of the others, two of his most attentive listeners -  Miss Crawford and Fanny.
Whatever influence long continued use or disuse may have had i modifying the limbs or other parts of any species, this will chiefly o solely have affected it when nearly mature, when it was compelled to us its full powers to gain its own living; and the effects thus produced wil have been transmitted to the offspring at a corresponding nearly matur age.
Whatever might be its effect, however, she must stand the brunt of it again that very day.
Whatever part is found to b most constant, is used in classing varieties:  thus the great agriculturis Marshall says the horns are very useful for this purpose with cattle because they are less variable than the shape or colour of the body, etc.
Whatever th cause may be of the variability of secondary sexual characters, as they ar highly variable, sexual selection will have had a wide scope for action and may thus have succeeded in giving to the species of the same group  greater amount of difference in these than in other respects.
Whatever the Government might do, a great part of the upper and middle classes were determined to set on foot a counter revolution; for the Communism which now loomed ahead seemed quite unendurable to them.
Whatever the cause may be of each slight difference between the offsprin and their parents - and a cause for each must exist - we have reason t believe that it is the steady accumulation of beneficial differences whic has given rise to all the more important modifications of structure i relation to the habits of each species.
Whatever the causes may have been, we can see that certai districts and times would have been much more favourable than others fo the development of so large a quadruped as the giraffe.
Whatever was wanted was hallooed for, and the servants hallooed out their excuses from the kitchen.
Whe a branch was placed on its face, the vibracula became entangled, and the made violent efforts to free themselves.
Whe an insect visits a flower of this kind, it rubs off some of the visci matter, and thus at the same time drags away some of the pollen-grains.
Whe geologists look at large and complicated phenomena, and then at the figure representing several million years, the two produce a totally differen effect on the mind, and the figures are at once pronounced too small.
Whe several breeds have once been formed in any country, their occasiona intercrossing, with the aid of selection, has, no doubt, largely aided i the formation of new sub-breeds; but the importance of crossing has bee much exaggerated, both in regard to animals and to those plants which ar propagated by seed.
Whe we reflect on this struggle we may console ourselves with the full belie that the war of nature is not incessant, that no fear is felt, that deat is generally prompt, and that the vigorous, the healthy, and the happ survive and multiply.
When Anderson first introduced me to his family, about two years ago, his sister was not out, and I could not get her to speak to me.
When Dick Naseby was in Paris he made some odd acquaintances; for he was one of those who have ears to hear, and can use their eyes no less than their intelligence.
When I am a wife, I mean to be just as staunch myself; and I wish my friends in general would be so too.
When I ascertained that these young trees had not bee sown or planted I was so much surprised at their numbers that I went t several points of view, whence I could examine hundreds of acres of th unenclosed heath, and literally I could not see a single Scotch fir, excep the old planted clumps.
When I come to think of it, I'm not at all sure that I wasn't his most particular friend; for we used to stop and speak whenever we met.
When I did wake, to a beautiful sunny morning, I leapt out of bed with my over-night apprehension still clinging to me, which vanished delightfully however in a moment as I looked around my little sleeping chamber and saw the pale but pure-coloured figures painted on the plaster of the wall, with verses written underneath them which I knew somewhat over well.
When I foun in La Plata the tooth of a horse embedded with the remains of Mastodon Megatherium, Toxodon and other extinct monsters, which all co-existed wit still living shells at a very late geological period, I was filled wit astonishment; for, seeing that the horse, since its introduction by th Spaniards into South America, has run wild over the whole country and ha increased in numbers at an unparalleled rate, I asked myself what could s recently have exterminated the former horse under conditions of lif apparently so favourable.
When I have learned a Truth like this, I know how strong and irresistible it must be.
When I made this prediction,  knew of only one imperfect case, namely, of the young flower-peduncles of  Maurandia which revolved slightly and irregularly, like the stems o twining plants, but without making any use of this habit.
When I saw the grea size of the seeds of that fine water-lily, the Nelumbium, and remembere Alph.
When I think of her great attachment to you, indeed, and the whole of her judicious, upright conduct as a sister, she appears a very different creature, capable of everything noble, and I am ready to blame myself for a too harsh construction of a playful manner.
When I view all beings not a special creations, but as the lineal descendants of some few beings whic lived long before the first bed of the Cambrian system was deposited, the seem to me to become ennobled.
When I was dressed, I felt the place so hot that I made haste to get out of the room and out of the house; and my first feeling was a delicious relief caused by the fresh air and pleasant breeze; my second, as I began to gather my wits together, mere measureless wonder: for it was winter when I went to bed the last night, and now, by witness of the river-side trees, it was summer, a beautiful bright morning seemingly of early June.
When Mansfield was considered, time was precious; and the state of his own mind made him find relief only in motion.
When Mr. Price and his friend had seen all that they wished, or had time for, the others were ready to return; and in the course of their walk back, Mr. Crawford contrived a minute's privacy for telling Fanny that his only business in Portsmouth was to see her; that he was come down for a couple of days on her account, and hers only, and because he could not endure a longer total separation.
When Scrooge awoke, it was so dark, that looking out of bed, he could scarcely distinguish the transparent window from the opaque walls of his chamber.
When Sir Thomas comes, I dare say he will be in for some borough, but there has been nobody to put him in the way of doing anything yet.
When Sir Thomas understood this, he felt the necessity of making his own wife and sister-in-law acquainted with the business without delay; though, on Fanny's account, he almost dreaded the effect of the communication to Mrs. Norris as much as Fanny herself.
When Tom is better, I shall go.
When a character whic has been lost in a breed, reappears after a great number of generations the most probable hypothesis is, not that one individual suddenly take after an ancestor removed by some hundred generations, but that in eac successive generation the character in question has been lying latent, an at last, under unknown favourable conditions, is developed.
When a dotted line reaches one of the horizontal lines and is there marked by a small numbered letter, a sufficient amount o variation is supposed to have been accumulated to form it into a fairl well-marked variety, such as would be thought worthy of record in  systematic work.
When a group has once wholl disappeared, it does not reappear; for the link of generation has bee broken.
When a part has been developed in a extraordinary manner in any one species, compared with the other species o the same genus, we may conclude that this part has undergone a extraordinary amount of modification since the period when the severa species branched off from the common progenitor of the genus.
When a species has once disappeared from the face of the earth, we have n reason to believe that the same identical form ever reappears.
When a species, owing to highly favourable circumstances, increase inordinately in numbers in a small tract, epidemics - at least, this seem generally to occur with our game animals - often ensue; and here we have  limiting check independent of the struggle for life.
When a variation is of the slightest use to any being, we cannot tell ho much to attribute to the accumulative action of natural selection, and ho much to the definite action of the conditions of life.
When a young naturalist commences the study of a group of organisms quit unknown to him he is at first much perplexed in determining wha differences to consider as specific and what as varietal; for he know nothing of the amount and kind of variation to which the group is subject and this shows, at least, how very generally there is some variation.
When advanced up to any give point, there is no necessity, on the theory of natural selection, for thei further continued process; though they will, during each successive age have to be slightly modified, so as to hold their places in relation t slight changes in their conditions.
When an deviation of structure often appears, and we see it in the father an child, we cannot tell whether it may not be due to the same cause havin acted on both; but when among individuals, apparently exposed to the sam conditions, any very rare deviation, due to some extraordinary combinatio of circumstances, appears in the parent - say, once among several millio individuals - and it reappears in the child, the mere doctrine of chance almost compels us to attribute its reappearance to inheritance.
When any species becomes very rare close interbreeding will help to exterminate it; authors have thought tha this comes into play in accounting for the deterioration of the aurochs i Lithuania, of red deer in Scotland and of bears in Norway, etc.
When bees have a place on which they can stand in their proper position for working - for instance, on a slip of wood, placed directly under th middle of a comb growing downwards, so that the comb has to be built ove one face of the slip - in this case the bees can lay the foundations of on wall of a new hexagon, in its strictly proper place, projecting beyond th other completed cells.
When birds of long flight, such as swallows and others, hang about home and fly low - rain or wind may be expected.
When converted by subsidence into large separate islands there will stil have existed many individuals of the same species on each island: intercrossing on the confines of the range of each new species will hav been checked:  after physical changes of any kind immigration will hav been prevented, so that new places in the polity of each island will hav had to be filled up by the modification of the old inhabitants; and tim will have been allowed for the varieties in each to become well modifie and perfected.
When did you begin to think seriously about her? Nothing could be more impossible than to answer such a question, though nothing could be more agreeable than to have it asked.
When distinct SPECIES are crossed th case is reversed, for a plant's own pollen is always prepotent over foreig pollen; but to this subject we shall return in a future chapter.
When ducks suddenly emerge from a pond covere with duck-weed, I have twice seen these little plants adhering to thei backs; and it has happened to me, in removing a little duck-weed from on aquarium to another, that I have unintentionally stocked the one wit fresh-water shells from the other.
When everybody had retired but the two 'prentices, they did the same to them; and thus the cheerful voices died away, and the lads were left to their beds; which were under a counter in the back-shop.
When first collecting in the fresh waters of Brazil, I wel remember feeling much surprise at the similarity of the fresh-wate insects, shells, etc., and at the dissimilarity of the surroundin terrestrial beings, compared with those of Britain.
When further improved b the same slow and gradual process, they will spread more widely, and wil be recognised as something distinct and valuable, and will then probabl first receive a provincial name.
When he and Crawford walked into the drawing-room, his mother and Fanny were sitting as intently and silently at work as if there were nothing else to care for.
When he comes to study allied forms brough from countries not now continuous, in which case he cannot hope to fin intermediate links, he will be compelled to trust almost entirely t analogy, and his difficulties will rise to a climax.
When he had really resolved on any measure, he could always carry it through; and now by dint of long talking on the subject, explaining and dwelling on the duty of Fanny's sometimes seeing her family, he did induce his wife to let her go; obtaining it rather from submission, however, than conviction, for Lady Bertram was convinced of very little more than that Sir Thomas thought Fanny ought to go, and therefore that she must.
When he returned from Richmond, he would have been glad to see Mrs. Rushworth no more.
When he roused himself from his thoughtful quest, he fancied from the turn of the hand, and its situation in reference to himself, that the Unseen Eyes were looking at him keenly.
When her two dances with him were over, her inclination and strength for more were pretty well at an end; and Sir Thomas, having seen her walk rather than dance down the shortening set, breathless, and with her hand at her side, gave his orders for her sitting down entirely.
When hybrids are able to breed inter se, they transmi to their offspring from generation to generation the same compounde organisation, and hence we need not be surprised that their sterility though in some degree variable, does not diminish; it is even apt t increase, this being generally the result, as before explained, of to close interbreeding.
When is it to be? Miss Price, will not you join me in encouraging your cousin? Will not you engage to attend with your eyes steadily fixed on him the whole time -  as I shall do - not to lose a word; or only looking off just to note down any sentence preeminently beautiful? We will provide ourselves with tablets and a pencil.
When it came near him, Scrooge bent down upon his knee; for in the very air through which this Spirit moved it seemed to scatter gloom and mystery.
When it came to the moment of parting, he would take her hand, he would not be denied it; he said nothing, however, or nothing that she heard, and when he had left the room, she was better pleased that such a token of friendship had passed.
When it is explained how genera originate under nature, it wil be seen that we have no right to expect often to find a generic amount o difference in our domesticated races.
When it was first said that the sun stood still and th world turned round, the common sense of mankind declared the doctrin false; but the old saying of Vox populi, vox Dei, as every philosophe knows, cannot be trusted in science.
When it was made, you were another man.
When it was proved, however, to have done William no harm, she could allow it to be a kindness, and even reward the owner with a smile when the animal was one minute tendered to his use again; and the next, with the greatest cordiality, and in a manner not to be resisted, made over to his use entirely so long as he remained in Northamptonshire.
When man of the inhabitants of any area have become modified and improved, we ca understand, on the principle of competition, and from the all-importan relations of organism to organism in the struggle for life, that any for which did not become in some degree modified and improved, would be liabl to extermination.
When mongrels and the more fertil hybrids are propagated for several generations, an extreme amount o variability in the offspring in both cases is notorious; but some fe instances of both hybrids and mongrels long retaining a uniform characte could be given.
When moving the barometer, or replacing it in its case, the mercury should be allowed to run gently up to the top of the tube, by holding the instrument for a few minutes inclined at an angle.
When no longer under the same roof with Edmund, she trusted that Miss Crawford would have no motive for writing strong enough to overcome the trouble, and that at Portsmouth their correspondence would dwindle into nothing.
When on board H.M.S. Beagle, as naturalist, I was much struck with certai facts in the distribution of the organic beings inhabiting South America and in the geological relations of the present to the past inhabitants o that continent.
When once acquired, they often remain constant throughout life.
When one cell rests on three other cells, which, from the spheres bein nearly of the same size, is very frequently and necessarily the case, th three flat surfaces are united into a pyramid; and this pyramid, as Hube has remarked, is manifestly a gross imitation of the three-sided pyramida base of the cell of the hive-bee.
When one part is largel developed, perhaps it tends to draw nourishment from the adjoining parts and every part of the structure which can be saved without detriment wil be saved.
When our plant, by the above process long continued, had been rendere highly attractive to insects, they would, unintentionally on their part regularly carry pollen from flower to flower; and that they do thi effectually I could easily show by many striking facts.
When pollen from  plant of one family is placed on the stigma of a plant of a distinc family, it exerts no more influence than so much inorganic dust.
When really touched by affliction, her active powers had been all benumbed; and neither Lady Bertram nor Tom had received from her the smallest support or attempt at support.
When sea birds fly out early, and far to seaward, moderate wind and fair weather may be expected.
When set properly, the vernier straight edge, the top of the mercury and the observer's eye, should be on the same level; the edge (or pointer) just touching the middle and uppermost point of the column.
When she comes to know the truth she will, very likely, wish me in Northamptonshire again; for there is a daughter of Mr. Fraser, by a first wife, whom she is wild to get married, and wants Henry to take.
When she did understand it, however, and found herself expected to believe that she had created sensations which his heart had never known before, and that everything he had done for William was to be placed to the account of his excessive and unequalled attachment to her, she was exceedingly distressed, and for some moments unable to speak.
When she had been coming to Portsmouth, she had loved to call it her home, had been fond of saying that she was going home; the word had been very dear to her, and so it still was, but it must be applied to Mansfield.
When she had spoken it, she recollected herself, and wished it unsaid; but there was no need of confusion; for her brother saw her only as the supposed inmate of Mansfield parsonage, and replied but to invite her in the kindest manner to his own house, and to claim the best right in her.
When such beds as were deposited in shallow water near the mout of the Mississippi during some part of the glacial period shall have bee upraised, organic remains will probably first appear and disappear a different levels, owing to the migrations of species and to geographica changes.
When such varieties returned to thei ancient homes, as they would differ from their former state in a nearl uniform, though perhaps extremely slight degree, and as they would be foun embedded in slightly different sub-stages of the same formation, the would, according to the principles followed by many palaeontologists, b ranked as new and distinct species.
When th mockers and the mocked are caught and compared, they are found to be ver different in essential structure, and to belong not only to distinc genera, but often to distinct families.
When the atmospheric pressure is lessened of the vacuum box, a spring acting on levers, turns the hand to the left and when the pressure increases, the spring is affected differently, the hand being turned to the right.
When the barometer is rather below its ordinary height, say, belo twenty-nine inches and nine-tenths (at the sea level only), a rise foretells less wind, or a change in its direction towards the Northward, or less wet; but when the mercury has been low, say near 29 inches - the first rising usually precedes, and foretells, strong wind (at times heavy squalls) from the North-westward - Northward - of North-eastward - after which violence a rising glass foretells improving weather - if the thermometer falls.
When the barometer sinks considerably, high wind, rain, or snow will follow.
When the bee, thus provided, flies to another flower, or to the same flowe a second time, and is pushed by its comrades into the bucket and the crawls out by the passage, the pollen-mass necessarily comes first int contact with the viscid stigma, and adheres to it, and the flower i fertilised.
When the carriages were really heard, when the guests began really to assemble, her own gaiety of heart was much subdued: the sight of so many strangers threw her back into herself; and besides the gravity and formality of the first great circle, which the manners of neither Sir Thomas nor Lady Bertram were of a kind to do away, she found herself occasionally called on to endure something worse.
When the civilised World-Market coveted a country not yet in its clutches, some transparent pretext was found - the suppression of a slavery different from and not so cruel as that of commerce; the pushing of a religion no longer believed in by its promoters; the 'rescue' of some desperado or homicidal madman whose misdeeds had got him into trouble amongst the natives of the 'barbarous' country - any stick, in short, which would beat the dog at all.
When the clock struck eleven, this domestic ball broke up.
When the colour is absent from only one of the two upper petals the nectary is not quite aborted but is much shortened.
When the company were moving into the ballroom, she found herself for the first time near Miss Crawford, whose eyes and smiles were immediately and more unequivocally directed as her brother's had been, and who was beginning to speak on the subject, when Fanny, anxious to get the story over, hastened to give the explanation of the second necklace: the real chain.
When the differences are rather more strongly marked and when both sexes and all ages are affected, the forms are ranked by al entomologists as good species.
When the evening was over, she went to bed full of it, her nerves still agitated by the shock of such an attack from her cousin Tom, so public and so persevered in, and her spirits sinking under her aunt's unkind reflection and reproach.
When the female is as beautifully coloured as the male which is not rarely the case with birds and butterflies, the caus apparently lies in the colours acquired through sexual selection havin been transmitted to both sexes, instead of to the males alone.
When the first tendency t point was once displayed, methodical selection and the inherited effects o compulsory training in each successive generation would soon complete th work; and unconscious selection is still in progress, as each man tries t procure, without intending to improve the breed, dogs which stand and hun best.
When the hope of realising a communal condition of life for all men arose, quite late in the nineteenth century, the power of the middle classes, the then tyrants of society, was so enormous and crushing, that to almost all men, even those who had, you may say despite themselves, despite their reason and judgment, conceived such hopes, it seemed a dream.
When the individuals are scanty al will be allowed to breed, whatever their quality may be, and this wil effectually prevent selection.
When the instinct was once acquired, if carried out to  much less extent even than in our British F. sanguinea, which, as we hav seen, is less aided by its slaves than the same species in Switzerland natural selection might increase and modify the instinct - always supposin each modification to be of use to the species - until an ant was formed a abjectly dependent on its slaves as is the Formica rufescens.
When the jaws are touched with a needle they seize it so firml that the branch can thus be shaken.
When the marine forms of life are spoken of as having change simultaneously throughout the world, it must not be supposed that thi expression relates to the same year, or even to the same century, or eve that it has a very strict geological sense; for if all the marine animal now living in Europe, and all those that lived in Europe during th pleistocene period (a very remote period as measured by years, includin the whole glacial epoch) were compared with those now existing in Sout America or in Australia, the most skilful naturalist would hardly be abl to say whether the present or the pleistocene inhabitants of Europ resembled most closely those of the southern hemisphere.
When the meeting with which she was threatened for the morrow was past, she could not but flatter herself that the subject would be finally concluded, and Mr. Crawford once gone from Mansfield, that everything would soon be as if no such subject had existed.
When the nerves an muscles of an animal are excited by galvanism or by the absorption o strychnine, the consequent movements may be called an incidental result for the nerves and muscles have not been rendered specially sensitive t these stimuli.
When the nest is slightl disturbed, the slaves occasionally come out, and like their masters ar much agitated and defend the nest:  when the nest is much disturbed, an the larvae and pupae are exposed, the slaves work energetically togethe with their masters in carrying them away to a place of safety.
When the novelty of amusement there was over, it would be time for the wider range of London.
When the old nest is found inconvenient, and they have to migrate it is the slaves which determine the migration, and actually carry thei masters in their jaws.
When the oldest and truest breeds of various colours ar crossed, we see a strong tendency for the blue tint and bars and marks t reappear in the mongrels.
When the same organ is found i several members of the same class, especially if in members having ver different habits of life, we may generally attribute its presence t inheritance from a common ancestor; and its absence in some of the member to loss through disuse or natural selection.
When the seeds in our fruits becom atrophied, the fruit itself gains largely in size and quality.
When the sexes are separated, although the male an female flowers may be produced on the same tree, pollen must be regularl carried from flower to flower; and this will give a better chance of polle being occasionally carried from tree to tree.
When the stamens of a flower suddenly spring towards the pistil, or slowl move one after the other towards it, the contrivance seems adapted solel to ensure self-fertilisation; and no doubt it is useful for this end:  bu the agency of insects is often required to cause the stamens to sprin forward, as Kolreuter has shown to be the case with the barberry; and i this very genus, which seems to have a special contrivance fo self-fertilisation, it is well known that, if closely-allied forms o varieties are planted near each other, it is hardly possible to raise pur seedlings, so largely do they naturally cross.
When the views advanced by me in this volume, and by Mr. Wallace or whe analogous views on the origin of species are generally admitted, we ca dimly foresee that there will be a considerable revolution in natura history.
When they came to the bridge, however, she halted, leaned on the parapet, and stared for a moment at the clear, brown pool, and swift, transient snowdrift of the rapids.
When they came within the influence of Sotherton associations, it was better for Miss Bertram, who might be said to have two strings to her bow.
When they hang about the land, or over it sometimes flying inland, expect a strong wind, with stormy weather.
When they parted at night Edmund asked Fanny whether she meant to ride the next day.
When they were within two paces of each other, Marley's Ghost held up its hand, warning him to come no nearer.
When this had lasted some time, the division of the party was completed by Tom Bertram and Mr. Yates walking off together to consult farther in the room now beginning to be called the Theatre, and Miss Bertram's resolving to go down to the Parsonage herself with the offer of Amelia to Miss Crawford; and Fanny remained alone.
When this is completed they are fixed for life: their legs are now converted into prehensile organs; they again obtain  well-constructed mouth; but they have no antennae, and their two eyes ar now reconverted into a minute, single, simple eye-spot.
When this is done, there is n apparent reason why they should not yield as many seeds as did thei parents when legitimately fertilised.
When thu marshalled, they make a formidable array; and as it forms no part of Mr. Mivart's plan to give the various facts and considerations opposed to hi conclusions, no slight effort of reason and memory is left to the reader who may wish to weigh the evidence on both sides.
When thus impressed with the slow rate at which the land is worn awa through subaerial and littoral action, it is good, in order to appreciat the past duration of time, to consider, on the one hand, the masses of roc which have been removed over many extensive areas, and on the other han the thickness of our sedimentary formations.
When two formations hav been deposited in two regions during nearly, but not exactly, the sam period, we should find in both, from the causes explained in the foregoin paragraphs, the same general succession in the forms of life; but th species would not exactly correspond; for there will have been a littl more time in the one region than in the other for modification, extinction and immigration.
When two species are crossed one has sometimes a prepotent power of impressing its likeness on th hybrid.
When two varieties are formed in tw districts of a continuous area, an intermediate variety will often b formed, fitted for an intermediate zone; but from reasons assigned, th intermediate variety will usually exist in lesser numbers than the tw forms which it connects; consequently the two latter, during the course o further modification, from existing in greater numbers, will have a grea advantage over the less numerous intermediate variety, and will thu generally succeed in supplanting and exterminating it.
When used on shore, this contraction of the tube causes the marine barometer to be always a little behind an ordinary barometer, the tube of which is not contracted.
When we are children time passes so slow with us that we seem to have time for everything.
When we are merely studying an eccentricity, the method of our study is but a series of allowances.
When we can feel assured that all the individuals of the same species, an all the closely allied species of most genera, have, within a not ver remote period descended from one parent, and have migrated from some on birth-place; and when we better know the many means of migration, then, b the light which geology now throws, and will continue to throw, on forme changes of climate and of the level of the land, we shall surely be enable to trace in an admirable manner the former migrations of the inhabitants o the whole world.
When we compare the individuals of the same variety or sub-variety of ou older cultivated plants and animals, one of the first points which strike us is, that they generally differ more from each other than do th individuals of any one species or variety in a state of nature.
When we had done eating, and were sitting a little while, with a bottle of very good Bordeaux wine before us, Clara came back to the question of the subject-matter of the pictures, as though it had troubled her.
When we look at the plants an bushes clothing an entangled bank, we are tempted to attribute thei proportional numbers and kinds to what we call chance.
When we look to the hereditary varieties or races of our domestic animal and plants, and compare them with closely allied species, we generall perceive in each domestic race, as already remarked, less uniformity o character than in true species.
When we love, by some noble method of our own or some nobility of mien or nature in the other, we apprehend the loved one by what is noblest in ourselves.
When we no longer look at an organic being as  savage looks at a ship, as something wholly beyond his comprehension; whe we regard every production of nature as one which has had a long history when we contemplate every complex structure and instinct as the summing u of many contrivances, each useful to the possessor, in the same way as an great mechanical invention is the summing up of the labour, the experience the reason, and even the blunders of numerous workmen; when we thus vie each organic being, how far more interesting - I speak from experience - doe the study of natural history become A grand and almost untrodden field of inquiry will be opened, on the cause and laws of variation, on correlation, on the effects of use and disuse, o the direct action of external conditions, and so forth.
When we reac the Arctic regions, or snow-capped summits, or absolute deserts, th struggle for life is almost exclusively with the elements.
When we reached Albion Place they were out; we went after them, and found them on the pier: Mrs. and the two Miss Sneyds, with others of their acquaintance.
When we reflect on these facts, here given much too briefly, with respec to the wide, diversified, and graduated range of structure in the eyes o the lower animals; and when we bear in mind how small the number of al living forms must be in comparison with those which have become extinct the difficulty ceases to be very great in believing that natural selectio may have converted the simple apparatus of an optic nerve, coated wit pigment and invested by transparent membrane, into an optical instrument a perfect as is possessed by any member of the Articulata class.
When we see a species first appearing in the middle of any formation, i would be rash in the extreme to infer that it had not elsewhere previousl existed.
When we see any part or organ developed in a remarkable degree or manner i a species, the fair presumption is that it is of high importance to tha species:  nevertheless it is in this case eminently liable to variation.
When we see leaf-eatin insects green, and bark-feeders mottled-grey; the alpine ptarmigan white i winter, the red-grouse the colour of heather, we must believe that thes tints are of service to these birds and insects in preserving them fro danger.
When we see the formations tabulated in written works, or when w follow them in nature, it is difficult to avoid believing that they ar closely consecutive.
When we see, as is so often the case, a formation compose of beds of widely different mineralogical composition, we may reasonabl suspect that the process of deposition has been more or less interrupted.
When we talked of her last night, you none of you seemed sensible of the wonderful improvement that has taken place in her looks within the last six weeks.
When we travel from south to north, o from a damp region to a dry, we invariably see some species graduall getting rarer and rarer, and finally disappearing; and the change o climate being conspicuous, we are tempted to attribute the whole effect t its direct action.
When we travel southward and see a specie decreasing in numbers, we may feel sure that the cause lies quite as muc in other species being favoured, as in this one being hurt.
When will it be? You must preach at Mansfield, you know, that Sir Thomas and Lady Bertram may hear you.
When you are a lieutenant! only think, William, when you are a lieutenant, how little you will care for any nonsense of this kind.
When you give me your opinion, I always know what is right.
When you have studied the character, I am sure you will feel it suit you.
When you know her as well as I do, I am sure you will agree that she does, and that she ought never to be long banished from the free air and liberty of the country.
When you see the judge on his bench, you see through him, as clearly as if he were made of glass, the policeman to emprison, and the soldier to slay some actual living person.
When, by renewed elevation, the islands were reconverte into a continental area, there will again have been very sever competition; the most favoured or improved varieties will have been enable to spread; there will have been much extinction of the less improved forms and the relative proportional numbers of the various inhabitants of th reunited continent will again have been changed; and again there will hav been a fair field for natural selection to improve still further th inhabitants, and thus to produce new species.
When, during the height of the Glacia period, the ocean-currents were widely different to what they now are, som of the inhabitants of the temperate seas might have reached the equator; o these a few would perhaps at once be able to migrate southwards, by keepin to the cooler currents, while others might remain and survive in the colde depths until the southern hemisphere was in its turn subjected to a glacia climate and permitted their further progress; in nearly the same manner as according to Forbes, isolated spaces inhabited by Arctic productions exis to the present day in the deeper parts of the northern temperate seas.
When, on the one hand, we see domesticated animals and plants, though ofte weak and sickly, breeding freely under confinement; and when, on the othe hand, we see individuals, though taken young from a state of natur perfectly tamed, long-lived, and healthy (of which I could give numerou instances), yet having their reproductive system so seriously affected b unperceived causes as to fail to act, we need not be surprised at thi system, when it does act under confinement, acting irregularly, an producing offspring somewhat unlike their parents.
When, on the other hand, an animal or plant ranges over the sam continent, or inhabits many islands in the same archipelago, and present different forms in the different areas, there is always a good chance tha intermediate forms will be discovered which will link together the extrem states; and these are then degraded to the rank of varieties.
Whenever I do see it, you will tell me how it has been altered.
Whenever it i fully admitted, as it will some day be, that each species has proceede from a single birthplace, and when in the course of time we know somethin definite about the means of distribution, we shall be enabled to speculat with security on the former extension of the land.
Whenever she had thought of the minutiae of the evening, it had been as a matter of course that Edmund would begin with Miss Crawford; and the impression was so strong, that though her uncle spoke the contrary, she could not help an exclamation of surprise, a hint of her unfitness, an entreaty even to be excused.
Whenever the pair argued, they came to an open rupture; and arguments were frequent, for they were both positive, and both loved the work of the intelligence.
Whenever we ca precisely say why this species is more abundant in individuals than that why this species and not another can be naturalised in a given country then, and not until then, we may justly feel surprise why we cannot accoun for the extinction of any particular species or group of species.
Where angels might have sat enthroned, devils lurked, and glared out menacing.
Where do we meet, then? For I can see that the houses are mostly very small.
Where graceful youth should have filled their features out, and touched them with its freshest tints, a stale and shrivelled hand, like that of age, had pinched, and twisted them, and pulled them into shreds.
Where had Scrooge heard those words? He had not dreamed them.
Where is your bag? I fumbled about, and at last pulled out my piece of cotton print which does duty with me for a tobacco pouch.
Where many large trees grow, we expec to find saplings.
Where many species of a genus have been formed throug variation, circumstances have been favourable for variation; and hence w might expect that the circumstances would generally still be favourable t variation.
Where she could be placed became a subject of most melancholy and momentous consultation.
Where the sea now extends land may at a former period have connected islands or possibly eve continents together, and thus have allowed terrestrial productions to pas from one to the other.
Where there are salmon, there are likely to be salmon-nets, Tay or Thames; but of course they are not always in use; we don't want salmon every day of the season.
Where was either sentiment now? It was so long since Fanny had had any letter from her, that she had some reason to think lightly of the friendship which had been so dwelt on.
Where were the elegant canes of his Parisian epoch? This was a support for age, and designed for rustic scenes.
Where's my son.
Whereabouts does the Thrush lay at Spithead? Near the Canopus? But no matter; here's Fanny in the parlour, and why should we stay in the passage? Come, mother, you have hardly looked at your own dear Fanny yet.
Whereas for us, we grow fat and well-liking on the tyranny; a tyranny, to say the truth, not to be made visible by any microscope I know.
Wherefore the clerk put on his white comforter, and tried to warm himself at the candle; in which effort, not being a man of a strong imagination, he failed.
Wherever many closely allied ye distinct species occur, doubtful forms and varieties belonging to the sam groups likewise occur.
Wherever sediment did not accumulate on the be of the sea, or where it did not accumulate at a sufficient rate to protec organic bodies from decay, no remains could be preserved.
Whether Mr. Crawford went into Norfolk before or after the 14th was certainly no concern of hers, though, everything considered, she thought he would go without delay.
Whether clear or cloudy, a rosy sky at sunset presages fine weather; red sky in the morning, bad weather, or much wind (if not rain).
Whether natural selection has really thus acted in adapting the variou forms of life to their several conditions and stations, must be judged b the general tenour and balance of evidence given in the following chapters.
Whether or not the experiment would succeed is not o great importance for our line of argument; for by the experiment itself th conditions of life are changed.
Whether organisation on the whole has actuall advanced from the remotest geological periods to the present day will b more conveniently discussed in our chapter on Geological Succession.
Whether specie have often or ever been modified through this comparatively sudden mode o transition, I can form no opinion; but if this has occurred, it is probabl that the differences between the young and the mature, and between th mature and the old, were primordially acquired by graduated steps.
Whether such variations or individual differences as ma arise will be accumulated through natural selection in a greater or les degree, thus causing a greater or less amount of permanent modification, will depend on many complex contingencies - on the variations being of  beneficial nature, on the freedom of intercrossing, on the slowly changin physical conditions of the country, on the immigration of new colonists and on the nature of the other inhabitants with which the varying specie come into competition.
Whether, during the gradua development of climbing plants, natural selection has been aided by th inherited effects of use, I will not pretend to decide; but we know tha certain periodical movements, for instance the so-called sleep of plants are governed by habit.
Which last was what they aimed at.
Which was true? was any of it true? or was it all, all a mockery? I am weary trying to find out.
Whichever Mr. Yates did not chuse would perfectly satisfy him, and a short parley of compliment ensued.
While alluding to the use of barometers, I may remark, that if such weather-glasses were put in charge of the Coast-guard, at the principal station round the coast, so placed as to allow any one passing by to look at them, they might be the means, not only of preventing ships from going to sea just before bad weather was coming on, but of preventing the great losses of life which take place every year of our coasts (particularly in the Orkney Islands and on the coasts of Scotland and Ireland), owing to fishing vessels and boats going to sea when bad weather is impending.
While considering her with these ideas, Betsey, at a small distance, was holding out something to catch her eyes, meaning to screen it at the same time from Susan's.
While he did this, the woman who had already spoken threw her bundle on the floor, and sat down in a flaunting manner on a stool; crossing her elbows on her knees, and looking with a bold defiance at the other two.
While he spoke, Maria was looking apprehensively round at Edmund in full expectation that he must oppose such an enlargement of the plan as this: so contrary to all their first protestations; but Edmund said nothing.
While she treated it as a joke, therefore, she did not forget to think of it seriously.
While she was gone Mr. Rushworth arrived, escorting his mother, who came to be civil and to shew her civility especially, in urging the execution of the plan for visiting Sotherton, which had been started a fortnight before, and which, in consequence of her subsequent absence from home, had since lain dormant.
While th area existed as a continent the inhabitants will have been numerous i individuals and kinds, and will have been subjected to severe competition.
While thus a rest they often twist, as Malm observed, the lower eye upward, to see abov them; and they do this so vigorously that the eye is pressed hard agains the upper part of the orbit.
While trying to keep herself alive, their visitor, who had at first approached her with as animated a countenance as ever, was wisely and kindly keeping his eyes away, and giving her time to recover, while he devoted himself entirely to her mother, addressing her, and attending to her with the utmost politeness and propriety, at the same time with a degree of friendliness, of interest at least, which was making his manner perfect.
White paper of card will reflect light for setting the vernier correctly.
Who can explain why one species ranges widely and i very numerous, and why another allied species has a narrow range and i rare?  Yet these relations are of the highest importance, for the determine the present welfare and, as I believe, the future success an modification of every inhabitant of this world.
Who could be happier than Miss Price? But Miss Price had not been brought up to the trade of coming out; and had she known in what light this ball was, in general, considered respecting her, it would very much have lessened her comfort by increasing the fears she already had of doing wrong and being looked at.
Who could write chat to Sir Thomas? If he had written to you, there would have been more particulars.
Who is to be Anhalt? What gentleman among you am I to have the pleasure of making love to? For a moment no one spoke; and then many spoke together to tell the same melancholy truth, that they had not yet got any Anhalt.
Who knows but I may not have been talking to many people? For perhaps our guest may some day go back to the people he has come from, and may take a message from us which may bear fruit for them, and consequently for us.
Who knows? Happy as we are, times may alter; we may be bitten with some impulse towards change, and many things may seem too wonderful for us to resist, too exciting not to catch at, if we do not know that they are but phases of what has been before; and withal ruinous, deceitful, and sordid.
Who says we shall not be sisters? I know we shall.
Who should invite her? Maria might be very glad to see her at Sotherton now and then, but she would not think of asking her to live there; and I am sure she is better off here; and besides, I cannot do without her.
Who suffers by his ill whims! Himself, always.
Who's next? Mrs. Dilber was next.
Who's the worse for the loss of a few things like these? Not a dead man, I suppose.
Whoever is led to believe tha species are mutable will do good service by conscientiously expressing hi conviction; for thus only can the load of prejudice by which this subjec is overwhelmed be removed.
Whoever saw it first cried out, 'I see the star!' And often they cried out both together, knowing so well when it would rise, and where.
Why Cercopithecus, considering its habits while young, has no become thus provided, it would be difficult to say.
Why a rosy hue at sunset, or a grey neutral tint at that time, should presage the reverse or their indications at sunrise; why bright yellow should foretell wind at either time, and pale yellow, wet; why clouds see soft, like water colour; or hard edged, like oil paint, or Indian ink of an oily plate; and why such appearances are infallible signs, are yet to be shown satisfactorily to practical men.
Why ancient and extinc forms often tend to fill up gaps between existing forms, sometimes blendin two groups, previously classed as distinct into one; but more commonl bringing them only a little closer together.
Why cannot you come and sit here, and employ yourself as we do? If you have no work of your own, I can supply you from the poor basket.
Why did I walk through crowds of fellow-beings with my eyes turned down, and never raise them to that blessed Star which led the Wise Men to a poor abode! Were there no poor homes to which its light would have conducted me! Scrooge was very much dismayed to hear the spectre going on at this rate, and began to quake exceedingly.
Why did he not go on The mother laid her work upon the table, and put her hand up to her face.
Why did such an idea occur to her even enough to be reprobated and forbidden? It ought not to have touched on the confines of her imagination.
Why do you find fault with us? Does it seem to you as if we starved ourselves of food in order to make ourselves fine clothes? Or do you think there is anything wrong in liking to see the coverings of our bodies beautiful like our bodies are? - just as a deer's or an otter's skin has been made beautiful from the first? Come, what is wrong with you? I bowed before the storm, and mumbled out some excuse or other.
Why should similar bones have been created to form the wing an the leg of a bat, used as they are for such totally different purposes namely flying and walking?  Why should one crustacean, which has a extremely complex mouth formed of many parts, consequently always hav fewer legs; or conversely, those with many legs have simpler mouths?  Wh should the sepals, petals, stamens, and pistils, in each flower, thoug fitted for such distinct purposes, be all constructed on the same pattern On the theory of natural selection, we can, to a certain extent, answe these questions.
Why should thi be so?  Why should the species which are supposed to have been created i the Galapagos Archipelago, and nowhere else, bear so plainly the stamp o affinity to those created in America?  There is nothing in the condition of life, in the geological nature of the islands, in their height o climate, or in the proportions in which the several classes are associate together, which closely resembles the conditions of the South America coast.
Why should this be so?  On the view that each species has bee independently created, with all its parts as we now see them, I can see n explanation.
Why show me this, if I am past all hope! For the first time the hand appeared to shake.
Why then is not every geologica formation and every stratum full of such intermediate links?  Geolog assuredly does not reveal any such finely graduated organic chain; an this, perhaps, is the most obvious and serious objection which can be urge against my theory.
Why this should be so we do not know; nor why the later tertiar periods should have been much more favourable for their existence than th present time.
Why was not Miss Crawford to be applied to as well? Or why had not she rather gone to her own room, as she had felt to be safest, instead of attending the rehearsal at all? She had known it would irritate and distress her; she had known it her duty to keep away.
Why, I remember it well.
Why, again, do whole groups of allied species appear, thoug this appearance is often false, to have come in suddenly on the successiv geological stages?  Although we now know that organic beings appeared o this globe, at a period incalculably remote, long before the lowest bed o the Cambrian system was deposited, why do we not find beneath this syste great piles of strata stored with the remains of the progenitors of th Cambrian fossils?  For on the theory, such strata must somewhere have bee deposited at these ancient and utterly unknown epochs of the world' history.
Why, child, I have but this moment escaped from his horrible mother.
Why, in other quarters of the world, various animals belonging to this sam order have not acquired either an elongated neck or a proboscis, cannot b distinctly answered; but it is as unreasonable to expect a distinct answe to such a question as why some event in the history of mankind did no occur in one country while it did in another.
Why, it may be asked, ha the supposed creative force produced bats and no other mammals on remot islands?  On my view this question can easily be answered; for n terrestrial mammal can be transported across a wide space of sea, but bat can fly across.
Why, it may be asked, until recently did nearly all the most eminent livin naturalists and geologists disbelieve in the mutability of species?  I cannot be asserted that organic beings in a state of nature are subject t no variation; it cannot be proved that the amount of variation in th course of long ages is a limited quantity; no clear distinction has been or can be, drawn between species and well-marked varieties.
Why, much learning is spoiling you.
Why, my friend, those housewives we were talking of just now would teach us better than that.
Why, sir, if my father had been plunged in such deplorable circumstances, I should have thrashed the editor of that vile sheet within an inch of his life.
Why, you will not find one of these children about here, boy or girl, who cannot swim; and every one of them has been used to tumbling about the little forest ponies - there's one of them now! They all of them know how to cook; the bigger lads can mow; many can thatch and do odd jobs at carpentering; or they know how to keep shop.
Widely-ranging species, aboundin in individuals, which have already triumphed over many competitors in thei own widely-extended homes, will have the best chance of seizing on ne places, when they spread out into new countries.
Wild words uttered, as these were, with perfect quiet of manner and voice, exercise a double influence on the hearer's mind.
Will it astonish you? No: you must be aware that I am quite determined to marry Fanny Price.
Will it not be honourably conveyed? Edmund spoke of the harp as his favourite instrument, and hoped to be soon allowed to hear her.
Will you let me in, Fred? Let him in! It is a mercy he didn't shake his arm off.
Will you not speak to me? It gave him no reply.
William and Fanny soon shewed themselves; and Sir Thomas had the pleasure of receiving, in his protege, certainly a very different person from the one he had equipped seven years ago, but a young man of an open, pleasant countenance, and frank, unstudied, but feeling and respectful manners, and such as confirmed him his friend.
William and Fanny were horror-struck at the idea.
William and Fanny were the most detached.
William had obtained a ten days' leave of absence, to be given to Northamptonshire, and was coming, the happiest of lieutenants, because the latest made, to shew his happiness and describe his uniform.
William knew what had passed, and from his heart lamented that his sister's feelings should be so cold towards a man whom he must consider as the first of human characters; but he was of an age to be all for love, and therefore unable to blame; and knowing her wish on the subject, he would not distress her by the slightest allusion.
William was almost as happy in the plan as his sister.
William was gone, and she now felt as if she had wasted half his visit in idle cares and selfish solicitudes unconnected with him.
William was gone: and the home he had left her in was, Fanny could not conceal it from herself, in almost every respect the very reverse of what she could have wished.
William was her pride; Betsey her darling; and John, Richard, Sam, Tom, and Charles occupied all the rest of her maternal solicitude, alternately her worries and her comforts.
William was kindly commended and his promotion hoped for.
William was often called on by his uncle to be the talker.
William was required to be at Portsmouth on the 24th; the 22nd would therefore be the last day of his visit; but where the days were so few it would be unwise to fix on any earlier.
William was soon calling out from the landing-place of the second story for his mother and for Rebecca.
William's desire of seeing Fanny dance made more than a momentary impression on his uncle.
William's good fortune returned again upon her mind, and seemed of greater value than at first.
William's promotion, with all its particulars, he was soon master of; and with such a secret provision of comfort within his own breast to help the joy, he found in it a source of most gratifying sensation and unvarying cheerfulness all dinner-time.
William, determined to make this last day a day of thorough enjoyment, was out snipe-shooting; Edmund, she had too much reason to suppose, was at the Parsonage; and left alone to bear the worrying of Mrs. Norris, who was cross because the housekeeper would have her own way with the supper, and whom she could not avoid though the housekeeper might, Fanny was worn down at last to think everything an evil belonging to the ball, and when sent off with a parting worry to dress, moved as languidly towards her own room, and felt as incapable of happiness as if she had been allowed no share in it.
William, her brother, the so long absent and dearly loved brother, was in England again.
William, the eldest, a year older than herself, her constant companion and friend; her advocate with her mother (of whom he was the darling) in every distress.
William, you are quite out of luck; but the next time you come, I hope dear Mr. and Mrs. Rushworth will be at home, and I am sure I can answer for your being kindly received by both.
Williwaw of the old sealers and whalers.
Wit animals the increased use or disuse of parts has had a more marke influence; thus I find in the domestic duck that the bones of the win weigh less and the bones of the leg more, in proportion to the whol skeleton, than do the same bones in the wild duck; and this change may b safely attributed to the domestic duck flying much less, and walking more than its wild parents.
Wit crustaceans not only many trivial, but some important parts assume a ne character, as recorded by Fritz Muller, after maturity.
Wit fishes, members of the shark family would not tend to supplant th lancelet; for the lancelet, as I hear from Fritz Muller, has as sol companion and competitor on the barren sandy shore of South Brazil, a anomalous annelid.
Wit respect to the assumed inutility of various parts and organs, it is hardl necessary to observe that even in the higher and best-known animals man structures exist, which are so highly developed that no one doubts tha they are of importance, yet their use has not been, or has only recentl been, ascertained.
Wit respect to the formation of wax, it is known that bees are often har pressed to get sufficient nectar; and I am informed by Mr. Tegetmeier tha it has been experimentally proved that from twelve to fifteen pounds of dr sugar are consumed by a hive of bees for the secretion of a pound of wax so that a prodigious quantity of fluid nectar must be collected an consumed by the bees in a hive for the secretion of the wax necessary fo the construction of their combs.
Wit respect to the lapse of time not having been sufficient since our plane was consolidated for the assumed amount of organic change, and thi objection, as urged by Sir William Thompson, is probably one of the graves as yet advanced, I can only say, firstly, that we do not know at what rat species change, as measured by years, and secondly, that many philosopher are not as yet willing to admit that we know enough of the constitution o the universe and of the interior of our globe to speculate with safety o its past duration.
Wit respect to the means of modification, he attributed something to the direc action of the physical conditions of life, something to the crossing o already existing forms, and much to use and disuse, that is, to the effect of habit.
Wit the pollinia of orchids, the threads which originally served to ti together the pollen-grains, can be traced cohering into caudicles; and th steps can likewise be followed by which viscid matter, such as tha secreted by the stigmas of ordinary flowers, and still subserving nearl but not quite the same purpose, became attached to the free ends of th caudicles - all these gradations being of manifest benefit to the plants i question.
With a North-easterly wind, in this part of the world, the barometer stands, on an average, about half an inch higher than with the same strength of wind from the South-westward.
With a few words, therefore, of no particular meaning, he walked off by himself, leaving his poor niece to sit and cry over what had passed, with very wretched feelings.
With a full heart, for the love of him you once were.
With a little familiarity suc superficial objections will be forgotten.
With a purer spirit did Fanny rejoice in the intelligence.
With all due respect to such of the present company as chance to be married, my dear Mrs. Grant, there is not one in a hundred of either sex who is not taken in when they marry.
With all organic beings, exceptin perhaps some of the very lowest, sexual reproduction seems to b essentially similar.
With all the security which love of another and disesteem of him could give to the peace of mind he was attacking, his continued attentions - continued, but not obtrusive, and adapting themselves more and more to the gentleness and delicacy of her character - obliged her very soon to dislike him less than formerly.
With all, as far as is at present known, the germina vesicle is the same; so that all organisms start from a common origin.
With an acknowledgment that he had quite forgot her, Mr. Price now received his daughter; and having given her a cordial hug, and observed that she was grown into a woman, and he supposed would be wanting a husband soon, seemed very much inclined to forget her again.
With an ill-will Scrooge dismounted from his stool, and tacitly admitted the fact to the expectant clerk in the tank, who instantly snuffed his candle out, and put on his hat.
With an older man he insinuated himself; with youth he imposed himself, and in the same breath imposed an ideal on his victim, who saw that he must work up to it or lose the esteem of this old and vicious patron.
With animals and plants that propagate rapidly and do not wander much there is reason to suspect, as we have formerly seen, that their varietie are generally at first local; and that such local varieties do not sprea widely and supplant their parent-form until they have been modified an perfected in some considerable degree.
With animals having separated sexes, there will be in most cases a struggl between the males for the possession of the females.
With animals this kind of selection is, in fact, likewis followed; for hardly any one is so careless as to breed from his wors animals.
With animals, facility in preventing crosses is an important element in th formation of new races - at least, in a country which is already stocke with other races.
With birds it ha often rendered the voice of the male musical to the female, as well as t our ears.
With bot varieties and species, use and disuse seem to have produced a considerabl effect; for it is impossible to resist this conclusion when we look, fo instance, at the logger-headed duck, which has wings incapable of flight in nearly the same condition as in the domestic duck; or when we look a the burrowing tucu-tucu, which is occasionally blind, and then at certai moles, which are habitually blind and have their eyes covered with skin; o when we look at the blind animals inhabiting the dark caves of America an Europe.
With both varieties and species reversions to long-lost characters occasionally occur.
With cats, fo instance, one naturally takes to catching rats, and another mice, and thes tendencies are known to be inherited.
With cattle susceptibility to the attacks of flies i correlated with colour, as is the liability to be poisoned by certai plants; so that even colour would be thus subjected to the action o natural selection.
With hermaphrodite organism which cross only occasionally, and likewise with animals which unite fo each birth, but which wander little and can increase at a rapid rate, a ne and improved variety might be quickly formed on any one spot, and migh there maintain itself in a body and afterward spread, so that th individuals of the new variety would chiefly cross together.
With him it is entirely a matter of feeling: he claims no merit in it; perhaps is entitled to none.
With hybrids raised from the same seed capsule the degree of sterility is innately variable, so it is in a marke manner with illegitimate plants.
With insects it is no known that the numerous facets on the cornea of their great compound eye form true lenses, and that the cones include curiously modified nervou filaments.
With long-eared rabbits, if one ea flops forward and downward, its weight drags forward all the bones of th skull on the same side, of which I have given a figure.
With mammals, for instance, the form of th skull is often much altered with age, of which Dr. Murie has given som striking instances with seals.
With no material fault of temper, or difference of opinion, to prevent their being very good friends while their interests were the same, the sisters, under such a trial as this, had not affection or principle enough to make them merciful or just, to give them honour or compassion.
With organic beings which never intercross, if such exist, eac species, must be descended from a succession of modified varieties, tha have supplanted each other, but have never blended with other individual or varieties of the same species, so that, at each successive stage o modification, all the individuals of the same form will be descended from  single parent.
With our domesticated animals, the various races when crossed together ar quite fertile; yet in many cases they are descended from two or more wil species.
With pigeons, however, we have another case, namely, the occasiona appearance in all the breeds, of slaty-blue birds with two black bars o the wings, white loins, a bar at the end of the tail, with the oute feathers externally edged near their bases with white.
With plants having separated sexes and with those in which, though hermaphrodites, the pollen does no spontaneously fall on the stigma, some aid is necessary for thei fertilisation.
With plants there is  vast destruction of seeds, but from some observations which I have made i appears that the seedlings suffer most from germinating in ground alread thickly stocked with other plants.
With plants which are temporarily propagated b cuttings, buds, etc., the importance of crossing is immense; for th cultivator may here disregard the extreme variability both of hybrids an of mongrels, and the sterility of hybrids; but plants not propagated b seed are of little importance to us, for their endurance is only temporary.
With plants, hybridized embryos probabl often perish in a like manner; at least it is known that hybrids raise from very distinct species are sometimes weak and dwarfed, and perish at a early age; of which fact Max Wichura has recently given some striking case with hybrid willows.
With plants, so far is cultivation from giving a tendenc towards sterility between distinct species, that in several well authenticated cases already alluded to, certain plants have been affecte in an opposite manner, for they have become self-impotent, while stil retaining the capacity of fertilising, and being fertilised by, othe species.
With quickness in understanding the tempers of those she had to deal with, and no natural timidity to restrain any consequent wishes, she was soon welcome and useful to all; and after Fanny's removal succeeded so naturally to her influence over the hourly comfort of her aunt, as gradually to become, perhaps, the most beloved of the two.
With real affection, Fanny, like mine, more might be overlooked.
With respec to organic beings extremely low in the scale, which do not propagat sexually, nor conjugate, and which cannot possibly intercross, uniformit of character can be retained by them under the same conditions of life only through the principle of inheritance, and through natural selectio which will destroy any individuals departing from the proper type.
With respect t this decrease, it may first be noticed that when any deviation in structur or constitution is common to both parents, this is often transmitted in a augmented degree to the offspring; and both sexual elements in hybri plants are already affected in some degree.
With respect to climbing plants, I need not repeat what has bee so lately said.
With respect to distinct specie of the same genus, inhabiting distant and isolated regions, as the proces of modification has necessarily been slow, all the means of migration wil have been possible during a very long period; and consequently th difficulty of the wide diffusion of the species of the same genus is i some degree lessened.
With respect to distinct species belonging to the same genus, which on ou theory have spread from one parent-source; if we make the same allowance as before for our ignorance, and remember that some forms of life hav changed very slowly, enormous periods of time having been thus granted fo their migration, the difficulties are far from insuperable; though in thi case, as in that of the individuals of the same species, they are ofte great.
With respect to fleetness, which depends on man bodily characters, Eclipse was far fleeter, and a dray-horse is comparabl stronger, than any two natural species belonging to the same genus.
With respect to horses, from reasons which I cannot here give, I a doubtfully inclined to believe, in opposition to several authors, that al the races belong to the same species.
With respect to many of these forms, hardly two naturalists agree whethe to rank them as species or as varieties.
With respect to mor ancient glacial periods, several geologists are convinced, from direc evidence, that such occurred during the miocene and eocene formations, no to mention still more ancient formations.
With respect to plants, it has long been known what enormous ranges man fresh-water, and even marsh-species, have, both over continents and to th most remote oceanic islands.
With respect to plants, thi subject has been discussed by Nageli in an admirable essay.
With respect to plants, to which on account of Nageli's essay I shal confine myself in the following remarks, it will be admitted that th flowers of the orchids present a multitude of curious structures, which  few years ago would have been considered as mere morphological difference without any special function; but they are now known to be of the highes importance for the fertilisation of the species through the aid of insects and have probably been gained through natural selection.
With respect to the absence of strata rich in fossils beneath the Cambria formation, I can recur only to the hypothesis given in the tenth chapter namely, that though our continents and oceans have endured for an enormou period in nearly their present relative positions, we have no reason t assume that this has always been the case; consequently formations muc older than any now known may lie buried beneath the great oceans.
With respect to the absence of whole orders of animals on oceanic islands Bory St.
With respect to the almost universal sterility of species when firs crossed, which forms so remarkable a contrast with the almost universa fertility of varieties when crossed, I must refer the reader to th recapitulation of the facts given at the end of the ninth chapter, whic seem to me conclusively to show that this sterility is no more a specia endowment than is the incapacity of two distinct kinds of trees to b grafted together; but that it is incidental on differences confined to th reproductive systems of the intercrossed species.
With respect to the apparently sudden extermination of whole families o orders, as of Trilobites at the close of the palaeozoic period, and o Ammonites at the close of the secondary period, we must remember what ha been already said on the probable wide intervals of time between ou consecutive formations; and in these intervals there may have been muc slow extermination.
With respect to the belief that organic beings have been created beautifu for the delight of man - a belief which it has been pronounced is subversiv of my whole theory - I may first remark that the sense of beauty obviousl depends on the nature of the mind, irrespective of any real quality in th admired object; and that the idea of what is beautiful, is not innate o unalterable.
With respect to the development of the corolla, Sprengel's idea that th ray-florets serve to attract insects, whose agency is highly advantageous or necessary for the fertilisation of these plants, is highly probable; an if so, natural selection may have come into play.
With respect to the final cause of the young i such groups not passing through any metamorphosis, we can see that thi would follow from the following contingencies:  namely, from the youn having to provide at a very early age for their own wants, and from thei following the same habits of life with their parents; for in this case i would be indispensable for their existence that they should be modified i the same manner as their parents.
With respect to the horse, I have collected cases in England of the spina stripe in horses of the most distinct breeds, and of ALL colours transverse bars on the legs are not rare in duns, mouse-duns, and in on instance in a chestnut; a faint shoulder-stripe may sometimes be seen i duns, and I have seen a trace in a bay horse.
With respect to the mammae of the higher animals, the mos probable conjecture is that primordially the cutaneous glands over th whole surface of a marsupial sack secreted a nutritious fluid; and tha these glands were improved in function through natural selection, an concentrated into a confined area, in which case they would have formed  mamma.
With respect to the means by which this strang and odious instinct was acquired, if it were of great importance for th young cuckoo, as is probably the case, to receive as much food as possibl soon after birth, I can see no special difficulty in its having graduall acquired, during successive generations, the blind desire, the strength and structure necessary for the work of ejection; for those cuckoos whic had such habits and structure best developed would be the most securel reared.
With respect to the number o individuals or commonness of species, the comparison of course relates onl to the members of the same group.
With respect to the second chief peculiarity, namely, the little mass o viscid matter attached to the end of the caudicle, a long series o gradations can be specified, each of plain service to the plant.
With respect to the sensitiveness of the foot-stalks of the leaves an flowers, and of tendrils, nearly the same remarks are applicable as in th case of the revolving movements of twining plants.
With respect to the steps by which these curious organs have been evolved Mr. Agassiz infers from his own researches and those of Mr. Muller, tha both in star-fishes and sea-urchins the pedicellariae must undoubtedly b looked at as modified spines.
With respect to the terrestrial productions which lived during th Secondary and Palaeozoic periods, it is superfluous to state that ou evidence is fragmentary in an extreme degree.
With respect to this last fact, I was so convinced that not even a strip of colour appears from what is commonly called chance, that I was le solely from the occurrence of the face-stripes on this hybrid from the as and hemionus to ask Colonel Poole whether such face-stripes ever occurre in the eminently striped Kattywar breed of horses, and was, as we hav seen, answered in the affirmative.
With respect to what I have called the in direct action of change conditions, namely, through the reproductive system of being affected, w may infer that variability is thus induced, partly from the fact of thi system being extremely sensitive to any change in the conditions, an partly from the similarity, as Kolreuter and others have remarked, betwee the variability which follows from the crossing of distinct species, an that which may be observed with plants and animals when reared under new o unnatural conditions.
With several kinds this is effected by the pollen-grains which are light and incoherent, being blown by the wind through mere chanc on to the stigma; and this is the simplest plan which can well b conceived.
With so much true merit and true love, and no want of fortune and friends, the happiness of the married cousins must appear as secure as earthly happiness can be.
With solemn kindness Sir Thomas addressed her: told her his fears, inquired into her wishes, entreated her to be open and sincere, and assured her that every inconvenience should be braved, and the connexion entirely given up, if she felt herself unhappy in the prospect of it.
With som exceptions, presently to be given, I fully admit that this is the rule.
With some animals the successive variations may have supervened at a ver early period of life, or the steps may have been inherited at an earlie age than that at which they first occurred.
With species i a state of nature it can hardly be maintained that the law is of universa application; but many good observers, more especially botanists, believe i its truth.
With species in a state of nature, every naturalist has in fact brough descent into his classification; for he includes in his lowest grade, tha of species, the two sexes; and how enormously these sometimes differ in th most important characters is known to every naturalist:  scarcely a singl fact can be predicated in common of the adult males and hermaphrodites o certain cirripedes, and yet no one dreams of separating them.
With spirits, courage, and curiosity up to anything, William expressed an inclination to hunt; and Crawford could mount him without the slightest inconvenience to himself, and with only some scruples to obviate in Sir Thomas, who knew better than his nephew the value of such a loan, and some alarms to reason away in Fanny.
With sterile neuter insects we have reason to believe that modifications i their structure and fertility have been slowly accumulated by natura selection, from an advantage having been thus indirectly given to th community to which they belonged over other communities of the sam species; but an individual animal not belonging to a social community, i rendered slightly sterile when crossed with some other variety, would no thus itself gain any advantage or indirectly give any advantage to th other individuals of the same variety, thus leading to their preservation.
With such a regard for her, indeed, as his had long been, a regard founded on the most endearing claims of innocence and helplessness, and completed by every recommendation of growing worth, what could be more natural than the change? Loving, guiding, protecting her, as he had been doing ever since her being ten years old, her mind in so great a degree formed by his care, and her comfort depending on his kindness, an object to him of such close and peculiar interest, dearer by all his own importance with her than any one else at Mansfield, what was there now to add, but that he should learn to prefer soft light eyes to sparkling dark ones.
With such an Anhalt, however, Miss Crawford had courage enough; and they had got through half the scene, when a tap at the door brought a pause, and the entrance of Edmund, the next moment, suspended it all.
With such an opinion, no wonder that.
With such facts before us, can we doubt that the many birds whic are annually blown by gales across great spaces of ocean, and whic annually migrate - for instance, the millions of quails across th Mediterranean - must occasionally transport a few seeds embedded in dir adhering to their feet or beaks?  But I shall have to recur to thi subject.
With such powers as his, however, and such a disposition as hers, Edmund trusted that everything would work out a happy conclusion.
With such structures as the above lamellae of horn or whalebone, habit o use can have done little or nothing, as far as we can judge, towards thei development.
With such thoughts as these, among ten hundred others, Fanny proceeded in her journey safely and cheerfully, and as expeditiously as could rationally be hoped in the dirty month of February.
With such warm feelings and lively spirits it must be difficult to do justice to her affection for Mrs. Crawford, without throwing a shade on the Admiral.
With th barb-pigeon, for instance, which very rarely produces a blue bird, it i probable that there is a latent tendency in each generation to produce blu plumage.
With thanks for the honour of your note, I remain, dear Miss Crawford, etc., etc.
With that he was gone; and the three who remained together heard his horse's hoofs descend the lane.
With that she soothed herself and amused her friend.
With that speech, Dick consoled himself for his imposture; she was not deceived so grossly after all; and then if a fraud, was not the fraud piety itself? - and what could be more obligatory than to keep alive in the heart of a daughter that filial trust and honour which, even although misplaced, became her like a jewel of the mind? There might be another thought, a shade of cowardice, a selfish desire to please; poor Dick was merely human; and what would you have had him do Esther on the Filial Relatio A month later Dick and Esther met at the stile beside the cross roads; had there been any one to see them but the birds and summer insects, it would have been remarked that they met after a different fashion from the day before.
With the Pleuronectidae, on th other hand, the older they grow the more habitually they rest on one side owing to the increasing flatness of their bodies, and a permanent effect i thus produced on the form of the head, and on the position of the eyes.
With the approach of midday the wind had more and more fallen, it was now sweltering hot and the air trembled in the sunshine.
With the different species of ou domesticated animals we know that the parts vary in a different manner an degree, and that some species are much more variable than others.
With the giraffe, the continued preservation of the individuals of som extinct high-reaching ruminant, which had the longest necks, legs, etc.
With the many insects which imitate variou objects, there is no improbability in the belief that an accidenta resemblance to some common object was in each case the foundation for th work of natural selection, since perfected through the occasional preservation of slight variations which made the resemblance at all closer and this will have been carried on as long as the insect continued to vary and as long as a more and more perfect resemblance led to its escape fro sharp-sighted enemies.
With thes exceptions (and with that of the perfect fertility of varieties whe crossed - a subject hereafter to be discussed), domestic races of the sam species differ from each other in the same manner as do the closely allie species of the same genus in a state of nature, but the differences in mos cases are less in degree.
With these facts before me, I believe that natural selection, by acting o the fertile ants or parents, could form a species which should regularl produce neuters, all of large size with one form of jaw, or all of smal size with widely different jaws; or lastly, and this is the greates difficulty, one set of workers of one size and structure, an simultaneously another set of workers of a different size and structure;  graduated series having first been formed, as in the case of the drive ant, and then the extreme forms having been produced in greater and greate numbers, through the survival of the parents which generated them, unti none with an intermediate structure were produced.
With trimorphic plants there ar three forms likewise differing in the lengths of their pistils and stamens in the size and colour of the pollen-grains, and in some other respects and as in each of the three forms there are two sets of stamens, the thre forms possess altogether six sets of stamens and three kinds of pistils.
With trimorphic species six unions are legitimate, or full fertile, and twelve are illegitimate, or more or less infertile.
With undoubting decision she directly began her adieus; and Edmund began at the same time to recollect that his mother had been inquiring for her, and that he had walked down to the Parsonage on purpose to bring her back.
With varieties and species, correlated variation seems to hav played an important part, so that when one part has been modified othe parts have been necessarily modified.
With woeful countenances they looked at each other.
With your face towards the wind, in North latitude, the centre of the circling, or rotatory storm, will be square to your right.
Withal I felt dizzy and queer; and remembering that people often got a boat and had a swim in mid-stream, I thought I would do no less.
Within the main row there are some subsidiary rows.
Within the room all was tranquil enough, for Susan having disappeared with the others, there were soon only her father and herself remaining; and he, taking out a newspaper, the accustomary loan of a neighbour, applied himself to studying it, without seeming to recollect her existence.
Within the same large group, th later and more highly perfected sub-groups, from branching out and seizin on many new places in the polity of nature, will constantly tend t supplant and destroy the earlier and less improved sub-groups.
Within twenty-four hours she was hoping to be gone; her father and mother must be spoken to, Susan prepared, everything got ready.
Within were a couple of children - a brown-skinned boy of about twelve, who sat reading a book, and a pretty little girl of about a year older, who was sitting also reading behind the counter; they were obviously brother and sister.
Without any display of doing more than the rest, or any fear of doing too much, he was always true to her interests, and considerate of her feelings, trying to make her good qualities understood, and to conquer the diffidence which prevented their being more apparent; giving her advice, consolation, and encouragement.
Without any particular affection for her eldest cousin, her tenderness of heart made her feel that she could not spare him, and the purity of her principles added yet a keener solicitude, when she considered how little useful, how little self-denying his life had (apparently) been.
Without attending to this, Henry Crawford continued his supplication.
Without further operation it will usually be ready for observation in less than an hour.
Without here entering on further details I ma state that I have collected cases of leg and shoulder stripes in horses o very different breeds in various countries from Britain to Eastern China and from Norway in the north to the Malay Archipelago in the south.
Without studying the business, however, or knowing what he was about, Edmund was beginning, at the end of a week of such intercourse, to be a good deal in love; and to the credit of the lady it may be added that, without his being a man of the world or an elder brother, without any of the arts of flattery or the gaieties of small talk, he began to be agreeable to her.
Wonderful party, wonderful games, wonderful unanimity, wonderful happiness But he was early at the office next morning.
Work, work, nothing like work.
Would Sir Thomas have consented to eat, she might have gone to the housekeeper with troublesome directions, and insulted the footmen with injunctions of despatch; but Sir Thomas resolutely declined all dinner: he would take nothing, nothing till tea came - he would rather wait for tea.
Would he have deserved more, there can be no doubt that more would have been obtained, especially when that marriage had taken place, which would have given him the assistance of her conscience in subduing her first inclination, and brought them very often together.
Would he have persevered, and uprightly, Fanny must have been his reward, and a reward very voluntarily bestowed, within a reasonable period from Edmund's marrying Mary.
Would the just-hatched young sometimes adhere t the feet of birds roosting on the ground and thus get transported?  I occurred to me that land-shells, when hybernating and having a membranou diaphragm over the mouth of the shell, might be floated in chinks o drifted timber across moderately wide arms of the sea.
Would they but love her, she should be satisfied.
Wretchedly did he feel, that with all the cost and care of an anxious and expensive education, he had brought up his daughters without their understanding their first duties, or his being acquainted with their character and temper.
Write to me by return of post, judge of my anxiety, and do not trifle with it.
Write to your aunt; when I see her answer you can leave quietly and naturally, and I will take you to your aunt's door.
XIV, page 283) on th Spongilla, clearly declares his belief that species are descended fro other species, and that they become improved in the course of modification.
Yates is storming away in the dining-room.
Yellow, meagre, ragged, scowling, wolfish; but prostrate, too, in their humility.
Yes! And the bedpost was his own.
Yes, Mary, my Fanny will feel a difference indeed: a daily, hourly difference, in the behaviour of every being who approaches her; and it will be the completion of my happiness to know that I am the doer of it, that I am the person to give the consequence so justly her due.
Yes, certainly, the sun shines, and the park looks very cheerful.
Yes, dear old grey pony! Ah! cousin, when I remember how much I used to dread riding, what terrors it gave me to hear it talked of as likely to do me good (oh! how I have trembled at my uncle's opening his lips if horses were talked of), and then think of the kind pains you took to reason and persuade me out of my fears, and convince me that I should like it after a little while, and feel how right you proved to be, I am inclined to hope you may always prophesy as well.
Yes, dearest, sweetest Fanny.
Yes, indeed, a very pretty match.
Yes, surely! and if others can see it as I have seen it, then it may be called a vision rather than a dream.
Yes, that was the word.
Yes, these are our books; and if we want more, can we not find work to do in the beautiful buildings that we raise up all over the country (and I know there was nothing like them in past times), wherein a man can put forth whatever is in him, and make his hands set forth his mind and his soul.
Yes, we must suppose the faults of the niece to have been those of the aunt; and it makes one more sensible of the disadvantages she has been under.
Yes; I think it must be compliments.
Yet I also think that the hard-working man who received us was not very sorry for the interruption.
Yet I think suc difficulties have little weight.
Yet I would not be proud with a father.
Yet he durst not open his mouth, and drove in silence till they had passed the main park-gates and turned into the cross-cut lane along the wall.
Yet he was a guide of no mean order, who made up for the poverty of what he had to show by a copious, imaginative commentary.
Yet he who objected t consider as intermediate the extinct genera, which thus link together th living genera of three families, would be partly justified, for they ar intermediate, not directly, but only by a long and circuitous cours through many widely different forms.
Yet i must be confessed that it is in the best known countries that we find th greatest number of them.
Yet if we compare any but the most closely relate formations, all the species will be found to have undergone some change.
Yet if we compare th older Reptiles and Batrachians, the older Fish, the older Cephalopods, an the eocene Mammals, with the recent members of the same classes, we mus admit that there is truth in the remark.
Yet if we open a gravid female, we find tadpole inside her with exquisitely feathered gills; and when placed in water the swim about like the tadpoles of the water-newt.
Yet it cannot be said that smal islands will not support at least small mammals, for they occur in man parts of the world on very small islands, when lying close to a continent and hardly an island can be named on which our smaller quadrupeds have no become naturalised and greatly multiplied.
Yet it has been strongly urged by those grea naturalists, Milne Edwards and Agassiz, that embryological characters ar the most important of all; and this doctrine has very generally bee admitted as true.
Yet it may be doubted whether, in any quarter of th world, sedimentary deposits, INCLUDING FOSSIL REMAINS, have gone o accumulating within the same area during the whole of this period.
Yet it might be that some ancient languages had altered ver little and had given rise to few new languages, whilst others had altere much owing to the spreading, isolation and state of civilisation of th several co-descended races, and had thus given rise to many new dialect and languages.
Yet it was during this obscure period that the drama was really performed; and its scene was in the heart of Esther, shut away from all eyes.
Yet many of these eggs or seeds would perhaps, if not destroyed, hav yielded individuals better adapted to their conditions of life than any o those which happened to survive.
Yet one ally they had, and that was the rapidly approaching breakdown of the whole system founded on the World-Market and its supply; which now became so clear to all people, that the middle classes, shocked for the moment into condemnation of the Government for the great massacre, turned round nearly in a mass, and called on the Government to look to matters, and put an end to the tyranny of the Socialist leaders.
Yet she thought it would not have been so at Mansfield.
Yet so strong is th appearance of this having occurred that naturalists can hardly avoi employing language having this plain signification.
Yet some happiness must and would arise from the very conviction that he did suffer.
Yet sometimes I think we might have given it a name which would have commemorated the great battle which was fought on the spot itself in 1952, - that was important enough, if the historians don't lie.
Yet th arrangement in the diagram would still hold good and would be natural; for on the principle of inheritance, all the forms descended, for instance fro A, would have something in common.
Yet the advantage of the plumed seeds n doubt stands in the closest relation to the land being already thickl clothed with other plants; so that the seeds may be widely distributed an fall on unoccupied ground.
Yet the heath was s extremely barren and so extensive that no one would ever have imagined tha cattle would have so closely and effectually searched it for food.
Yet the most skilful naturalist, from an examination o the species of the two countries, could not have foreseen this result.
Yet the pistil of eac cabbage-flower is surrounded not only by its own six stamens but by thos of the many other flowers on the same plant; and the pollen of each flowe readily gets on its stigma without insect agency; for I have found tha plants carefully protected from insects produce the full number of pods.
Yet there must be some unknown, but occasionally efficient mean for their transportal.
Yet there must have been some marked display of attentions to her cousin, there must have been some strong indiscretion, since her correspondent was not of a sort to regard a slight one.
Yet there was no saying what Miss Crawford might not ask.
Yet these varieties differ in n respect, except in the colour of their flowers; and one variety ca sometimes be raised from the seed of another.
Yet they grew to understand (and very speedily too) that they were oppressed by their masters, and they assumed, you see how justly, that they could do without them, though perhaps they scarce knew how; so that it came to this, that though they could not look forward to the happiness or peace of the freeman, they did at least look forward to the war which a vague hope told them would bring that peace about.
Yet this has been controverted with respect to the general effect of air in horizontal motion, an the depth of the column in question.
Yet to have so little said or asked about herself, to have scarcely an inquiry made after Mansfield! It did pain her to have Mansfield forgotten; the friends who had done so much - the dear, dear friends! But here, one subject swallowed up all the rest.
Yet unless it be thoroughly engrained in the mind, the whol economy of nature, with every fact on distribution, rarity, abundance extinction, and variation, will be dimly seen or quite misunderstood.
Yet,  would not wish to attribute all sexual differences to this agency:  for w see in our domestic animals peculiarities arising and becoming attached t the male sex, which apparently have not been augmented through selection b man.
Yet, as we have reason to believe that som species have retained the same specific form for very long periods of time immensely long as measured by years, too much stress ought not to be lai on the occasional wide diffusion of the same species; for during very lon periods there will always have been a good chance for wide migration b many means.
Yet, having chosen so well, his constancy has a respectable stamp.
Yet, how strong the impression that only a few weeks will give! I have been feeling as if we had never lived so before.
You all give me a feeling of being able to trust and confide in you, which in common intercourse one knows nothing of.
You and Julia were laughing the whole way.
You and Miss Crawford have made me too nice.
You are a kind, kind listener.
You are a lucky fellow.
You are aware of my having no common interest in Crawford.
You are changed.
You are chilly.
You are going to a very particular friend.
You are happy at Portsmouth, I hope, but this must not be a yearly visit.
You are infinitely my superior in merit; all that I know.
You are not so old that you cannot remember that.
You are not strong.
You are not to be judged by the same rule.
You are on safe ground.
You are one of those who are too silent in the evening circle.
You are probably aware of this already.
You are quite enough alike.
You are quizzing me and Miss Anderson.
You are speaking to a father, sir, a father.
You are speaking what you have been told at your uncle's table.
You are still a young man; when you are my age - But, however, to continue.
You are sure, therefore, of seeing your friend either to-morrow or Sunday.
You are the only being upon earth to whom I should say what I have said; but you have always known my opinion of her; you can bear me witness, Fanny, that I have never been blinded.
You are thinking of your sons -  but do not you know that, of all things upon earth, that is the least likely to happen, brought up as they would be, always together like brothers and sisters? It is morally impossible.
You are to go.
You are to have the book, of course.
You are very much wanted.
You can have been personally acquainted with very few of a set of men you condemn so conclusively.
You cannot have an idea.
You cannot suppose me capable of trying to persuade you to marry against your inclinations.
You cannot suppose me uninformed.
You cannot wish me to marry; for you would miss me, should not you? Yes, I am sure you would miss me too much for that.
You could hardly do better if you want to see the country.
You couldn't have predicted, at any given time, what would have become of them next.
You did look remarkably well.
You did not love him; nothing could have justified your accepting him.
You did not seemed shocked when I told you that there were no law-courts to enforce contracts of sentiment or passion; but so curiously are men made, that perhaps you will be shocked when I tell you that there is no code of public opinion which takes the place of such courts, and which might be as tyrannical and unreasonable as they were.
You do not deserve the office, if you cannot appreciate the talents of your company a little better.
You do not know how much we have been suffering, nor what chills we have felt! But I have long thought Mr. Bertram one of the worst subjects to work on, in any little manoeuvre against common sense, that a woman could be plagued with.
You do not owe me the duty of a child.
You do not seem properly aware of her claims to notice.
You do not wish me to be silent? If you do, give me but a look, a word, and I have done.
You don't speak, Fanny; Miss Price, you don't speak.
You had better consider that you have got the cap of darkness, and are seeing everything, yourself invisible.
You had better go into Nelson's room up above; I know he has gone out; and he has just been covering the walls all over with mediaeval books, so it will be pretty enough even for you two and your renewed pleasure.
You had better have gone out.
You had better not go.
You have a look of his sometimes.
You have a very smiling scene before you.
You have all so much more heart among you than one finds in the world at large.
You have an understanding which will prevent you from receiving things only in part, and judging partially by the event.
You have been talking of past miseries to the guest, and have been living in past unhappy times, and it is in the air all round us, and makes us feel as if we were longing for something that we cannot have.
You have been walking too far.
You have both warm hearts and benevolent feelings; and, Fanny, who that heard him read, and saw you listen to Shakespeare the other night, will think you unfitted as companions? You forget yourself: there is a decided difference in your tempers, I allow.
You have bought her too dearly, and your brother does not offer half her value.
You have but one style among you.
You have filled me full of happiness; for think, Mr. Naseby, I have not seen my father since I was six years old; and yet he is in my thoughts all day! You must come and call on me; my aunt will be delighted, I am sure; and then you will tell me all - all about my father, will you not? Dick helped her to get her sketching traps together; and when all was ready, she gave Dick her hand and a frank return of pressure.
You have given the name such reality of sweetness, that nothing else can now be descriptive of you.
You have given us an amusing sketch, and human nature cannot say it was not so.
You have good sense, and a sweet temper, and I am sure you have a grateful heart, that could never receive kindness without wishing to return it.
You have laboured on it, since.
You have moral and literary tastes in common.
You have my thoughts exactly as they arise, my dear Fanny; perhaps they are sometimes contradictory, but it will not be a less faithful picture of my mind.
You have no money, and so you are helpless, and must do as I tell you; and believe me, Esther, I do all for your good, and your good only, so God help me.
You have not discovered my business yet.
You have not the smallest chance of moving me.
You have now given exactly the explanation which I ventured to make for you to your friend and Mrs. Grant, and they were both better satisfied, though your warm-hearted friend was still run away with a little by the enthusiasm of her fondness for Henry.
You have only two scenes, and as I shall be Cottager, I'll put you in and push you about, and you will do it very well, I'll answer for it.
You have politics, of course; and it would be too bad to plague you with the names of people and parties that fill up my time.
You have proved yourself upright and disinterested, prove yourself grateful and tender-hearted; and then you will be the perfect model of a woman which I have always believed you born for.
You have qualities which I had not before supposed to exist in such a degree in any human creature.
You have rather puzzled me, I confess, though your information was so interesting.
You have robbed Edmund for ten, twenty, thirty years, perhaps for life, of more than half the income which ought to be his.
You have shewn yourself very, very different from anything that I had imagined.
You have some touches of the angel in you beyond what -  not merely beyond what one sees, because one never sees anything like it - but beyond what one fancies might be.
You have space to work upon there, and grounds that will well reward you.
You have spoken of wastes and forests, and I myself have seen the beginning of your Middlesex and Essex forest.
You have studied the 'emancipation of women' business of the nineteenth century: don't you remember that some of the 'superior' women wanted to emancipate the more intelligent part of their sex from the bearing of children? The old man grew quite serious again.
You have tastes in common.
You know I am strong enough now to walk very well.
You know I told you not to touch it, because Susan is so cross about it.
You know all that would be felt on the occasion.
You know how uncomfortable I feel with her.
You know my father is a rich man, and you would think, now that we love each other, we might marry when we pleased.
You know that according to the old saw the beetle gets used to living in dung; and these people, whether they found the dung sweet or not, certainly lived in it.
You know the distance to Sotherton; it was in the middle of winter, and the roads almost impassable, but I did persuade her.
You know the ease and the pleasure with which this would be done.
You know the flood-tide always thickens it a bit.
You know the weak side of her character, and may imagine the sentiments and expressions which were torturing me.
You know with what idle designs I began; but this is the end of them.
You know, of course, that it was the palace of our old mediaeval kings, and was used later on for the same purpose by the parliamentary commercial sham-kings, as my old kinsman calls them.
You leave your case in good hands; I have the tact of these little matters by heart; it is not my first attempt.
You may be an undigested bit of beef, a blot of mustard, a crumb of cheese, a fragment of an underdone potato.
You may boast of that.
You may fancy how Esther quailed at this new feature of the meeting between her two idols.
You may imagine something of my present state.
You may not have heard of the last blow -  Julia's elopement; she is gone to Scotland with Yates.
You may raise it into a place.
You may see something of it here -  something of the more distant trees.
You may smile, but it is so, I assure you; and except that it is sometimes carried a little too far, it is all very proper.
You may talk vaguely about driving a coach-and-six up a good old flight of stairs, or through a bad young Act of Parliament; but I mean to say you might have got a hearse up that staircase, and taken it broadwise, with the splinter-bar towards the wall and the door towards the balustrades: and done it easy.
You mean me, Baddeley, I am sure; Sir Thomas wants me, not Miss Price.
You must be Cottager's wife.
You must be sorry for your own indifference.
You must come and see me soon.
You must excuse my sister on this occasion, and accept of our two dear girls and myself without her.
You must forgive the liberty, and oblige me.
You must get a brown gown, and a white apron, and a mob cap, and we must make you a few wrinkles, and a little of the crowsfoot at the corner of your eyes, and you will be a very proper, little old woman.
You must give him your own answer: we cannot expect him to be satisfied with less; and you only can explain to him the grounds of that misconception of your sentiments, which, unfortunately for himself, he certainly has imbibed.
You must have had Miss Anderson in your eye, in describing an altered young lady.
You must have met somewhere; begin with that.
You must have observed his attentions; and though you always received them very properly (I have no accusation to make on that head), I never perceived them to be unpleasant to you.
You must have seen that he was trying to please you by every attention in his power.
You must have some feeling of that sort.
You must make a new garden at what is now the back of the house; which will be giving it the best aspect in the world, sloping to the south-east.
You must miss him.
You must not prejudice Fanny against him.
You must now come downstairs with me.
You must rehearse it with me, that I may fancy you him, and get on by degrees.
You must remember, also, that we are long-lived, and that therefore beauty both in man and woman is not so fleeting as it was in the days when we were burdened so heavily by self-inflicted diseases.
You must see the difference yourself.
You must set the example.
You must stay and hear your cousin's favourite.
You must talk to me.
You must think of that, you must try to make up your mind to it as one of the hardships which fall to every sailor's share, like bad weather and hard living, only with this advantage, that there will be an end to it, that there will come a time when you will have nothing of that sort to endure.
You must try not to mind growing up into a pretty woman.
You must write to me.
You never loved me.
You ought to be satisfied with her two cousins.
You ought to have had it a week ago, but there has been a delay from my brother's not being in town by several days so soon as I expected; and I have only just now received it at Northampton.
You paint too accurately for mistake.
You please me, Dick; you have pleased me from the first; and to say truth, Esther is a trifle fantastic, and will be better when she is married.
You really are fit for something better.
You recommend that at the Coast-guard stations there should be a barometer, by means of which people would know when a violent wind was coming on.
You remember the Gregorys; they are grown up amazing fine girls, but they will hardly speak to me, because Lucy is courted by a lieutenant.
You remind me of the radical cobblers in the silly old novels, who, according to the authors, were prepared to trample down all good manners in the pursuit of utilitarian knowledge.
You saw, this moment, how his heart turned to painting.
You say I will not help you; but your heart knows the contrary.
You see - or you could see, if you took the pains to look - how I have waited here all night to be ready at your service.
You see her every day, and therefore do not notice it; but I assure you she is quite a different creature from what she was in the autumn.
You see how it is; and could tell me, perhaps better than I could tell you, how and why I am vexed.
You see she does not like to act.
You see the evil, but you do not see the consolation.
You see, I have read not a few books of the past days, and certainly they are much more alive than those which are written now; and good sound unlimited competition was the condition under which they were written, - if we didn't know that from the record of history, we should know it from the books themselves.
You see, children are mostly given to imitating their elders, and when they see most people about them engaged in genuinely amusing work, like house-building and street-paving, and gardening, and the like, that is what they want to be doing; so I don't think we need fear having too many book-learned men.
You see, he had no other love to run to, as she had.
You see, my great-grandfather is an antiquarian, and he will want to see you just as you are.
You see, these houses, though they stood hideously thick on the ground, were roomy and fairly solid in building, and clean, because they were not used for living in, but as mere gambling booths; so the poor people from the cleared slums took them for lodgings and dwelt there, till the folk of those days had time to think of something better for them; so the buildings were pulled down so gradually that people got used to living thicker on the ground there than in most places; therefore it remains the most populous part of London, or perhaps of all these islands.
You see, we think that the fresh air of the downs and the very emptiness of the landscape will do our friend good.
You shall be Cottager's wife.
You should always remember the coachman and horses.
You should come to London to know how to estimate your conquest.
You should learn to think of other people; and, take my word for it, it is a shocking trick for a young person to be always lolling upon a sofa.
You speak as if you were going two hundred miles off instead of only across the park; but you will belong to us almost as much as ever.
You spoke of the balls at Northampton.
You talk of giving it the air of a gentleman's residence.
You think me unsteady: easily swayed by the whim of the moment, easily tempted, easily put aside.
You think only of yourself, and because you do not feel for Mr. Crawford exactly what a young heated fancy imagines to be necessary for happiness, you resolve to refuse him at once, without wishing even for a little time to consider of it, a little more time for cool consideration, and for really examining your own inclinations; and are, in a wild fit of folly, throwing away from you such an opportunity of being settled in life, eligibly, honourably, nobly settled, as will, probably, never occur to you again.
You think that I have done you a service; so you feel yourself bound to give me something which I am not to give to a neighbour, unless he has done something special for me.
You understand that handsome writing we like, and many people will write their books out when they make them, or get them written; I mean books of which only a few copies are needed - poems, and such like, you know.
You want to be reading.
You were as conscious as heart could desire.
You were laughing at my folly, playing with me like a child, at the very time when you declared you loved me.
You were made free of it long ago, you know; and the other two ain't strangers.
You were our audience and prompter.
You were, I am told, a manufacturer; I am an artist; I have seen better days; I have moved in societies where you would not be received, and dined where you would be glad to pay a pound to see me dining.
You will allow for the doubts of youth and inexperience.
You will be kinder than Mary.
You will be so good, won't you? Fanny was most civil in her assurances, though she could not give them in a very steady voice.
You will be to visit me in prison with a basket of provisions; you will not refuse to visit me in prison? I think I see you coming in with your basket The influence of his voice was felt.
You will be what you ought to be to her.
You will both find your good in it.
You will find Fanny everything you could wish.
You will find it a happy world to live in; you will be happy there - for a while.
You will find nobody there.
You will find plenty of variety: the landscape, the building, the diet, the amusements, all various.
You will find the beginning of a note to yourself; but I can now speak my business, which is merely to beg your acceptance of this little trifle - a chain for William's cross.
You will have a sweet little wife; all gratitude and devotion.
You will have as free a command of the park and gardens as ever.
You will have nothing to fear, or to be agitated about.
You will have the same walks to frequent, the same library to choose from, the same people to look at, the same horse to ride.
You will hear enough of it to-morrow, sir.
You will not want to be talked to.
You will see her, however, before she goes.
You will see him with the rest of us, in the same manner, and, as much as you can, dismissing the recollection of everything unpleasant.
You will see me early by the mail.
You will see several others in these parts; the place my great-grandfather lives in, for instance, and a big building called St.
You will set things going in a better way, I am sure.
You will supply the rest; and a most fortunate man he is to attach himself to such a creature -  to a woman who, firm as a rock in her own principles, has a gentleness of character so well adapted to recommend them.
You will take in the whole of the past, you will consider times, persons, and probabilities, and you will feel that they were not least your friends who were educating and preparing you for that mediocrity of condition which seemed to be your lot.
You will tell my mother how it all ought to be, and you will be so useful to Susan, and you will teach Betsey, and make the boys love and mind you.
You will therefore permit me to repeat, emphatically, that Marley was as dead as a door-nail.
You will think me rhapsodising; but when I am out of doors, especially when I am sitting out of doors, I am very apt to get into this sort of wondering strain.
You will wish to hear my opinion of Maria's degree of comfort as a wife.
You will, perhaps, like to see them.
You would have heard of balls and parties.
You would look rather blank, Henry, if your menus plaisirs were to be limited to seven hundred a year.
You wouldn't leave him alone, would you? It was useless to remind him that the house was not his to dispose of, that being a class of considerations to which his intelligence was closed; so Dick tore himself off by force, and, shouting a good-bye, made off along the lane to Thymebury.
You young ones do not remember much about it, perhaps; but if dear Sir Thomas were here, he could tell you what improvements we made: and a great deal more would have been done, but for poor Mr. Norris's sad state of health.
You'll do it very well.
You're an amusing old boy: I like you, in a sense; but here's an end of it for to-night.
You, grandfather, have done no hard work for years now, but wander about and read your books and have nothing to worry you; and as for me, I work hard when I like it, because I like it, and think it does me good, and knits up my muscles, and makes me prettier to look at, and healthier and happier.
You, in the meanwhile, will be taking a trip into China, I suppose.
Youatt gives an excellent illustration of the effects of a course o selection which may be considered as unconscious, in so far that th breeders could never have expected, or even wished, to produce the resul which ensued - namely, the production of the distinct strains.
Young as he was, William had already seen a great deal.
Young as you are, and having seen scarcely any one, it is hardly possible that your affections -  He paused and eyed her fixedly.
Young folks in their situation should be excused complying with the common forms.
Young, pretty, and gentle, however, she had no awkwardnesses that were not as good as graces, and there were few persons present that were not disposed to praise her.
Your aunt Norris has always been an advocate, and very judiciously, for young people's being brought up without unnecessary indulgences; but there should be moderation in everything.
Your aunt cannot be aware of this.
Your being so far unlike, Fanny, does not in the smallest degree make against the probability of your happiness together: do not imagine it.
Your brother is a lieutenant.
Your brother will find my ideas of time and his own very different to-morrow.
Your brother's taste and your sisters' seem very different.
Your complexion is so improved! - and you have gained so much countenance! - and your figure - nay, Fanny, do not turn away about it - it is but an uncle.
Your cousin came too; and we had a rehearsal.
Your cousins are not of a sort to forget their relations, and Mr. Rushworth is a most amiable man.
Your cousins have occasionally attended them; but they would not altogether suit us now.
Your father may be this or that, but you should use him like a fellow-creature.
Your feelings are as well known to me as my wishes and regrets must be to you.
Your gown seems very pretty.
Your happiness and advantage are all that I have in view, and nothing is required of you but to bear with Mr. Crawford's endeavours to convince you that they may not be incompatible with his.
Your judgment is my rule of right.
Your kindness and patience can never be forgotten, your indefatigable patience in trying to make it possible for him to learn his part -  in trying to give him a brain which nature had denied -  to mix up an understanding for him out of the superfluity of your own! He might not have sense enough himself to estimate your kindness, but I may venture to say that it had honour from all the rest of the party.
Your kindness to William makes me more obliged to you than words can express; but I do not want, I cannot bear, I must not listen to such - No, no, don't think of me.
Your ladyship is quite mistaken.
Your lap seems full of good things, and here is a basket of something between us which has been knocking my elbow unmercifully.
Your mother is quite anxious about it, but cannot very well spare time to sit down herself, because of her fringe.
Your mother would have died for shame; there was no modern cant about your mother; she thought - she said to me, sir - I'm glad she's in her grave, Dick Naseby.
Your past.
Your prospects, however, are too fair to justify want of spirits.
Your sister do that! It is an insult to propose it.
Your sister does not part with the queen.
Your sister loves to laugh.
Your son? God knows where he is for me! What the devil have I to do with your son? My daughter is out, for the matter of that; I might ask you where she was, and what would you say to that? But this is all midsummer madness.
Your uncle, and his brother admirals, perhaps knew little of clergymen beyond the chaplains whom, good or bad, they were always wishing away.
Your wicked project upon her peace turns out a clever thought indeed.
Yours sincerely.' That is the true manly style; that is a complete brother's letter.
